1	the staff is always really friendly and willing to help .
1	the food is delicious and inexpensive .
0	it also does not have any particular flavor .
1	great job !
1	what a wonderful little pizza shop .
1	great service and awesome pho ' .
1	i highly recommend this company and the driver joe to future customers !
0	long story short by almost 2:30 a shuttle comes to get us .
0	disgusting .
1	everything is good .
1	go here with an appetite !
0	avoid yellow cab like the plague .
1	the service was great and they were very polite .
1	and the hotel rooms are nice .
0	do n't move in !
1	but he absolutely saved my cat 's life .
0	do not ever give this company your email .
0	nothing was stellar .
1	the service was really good and so was the pizza .
1	the food was pretty good .
1	the sauce is a little sweet and is great .
1	my husband loves it too .
1	the atmosphere is very warm and friendly and often with live music .
0	i 've been there many times , and this is the case every .
0	yet the same woman was there trying to convince me that it was fine .
1	very good flavor .
0	it was not worth the drive .
0	probably about _num_ minutes to get the food .
1	the best donuts i 've ever eaten , ever .
1	awesome food .
0	bottom line is poor excuses for terrible work .
1	however the employees here are extremely sweet especially holly !
1	and they actually run a cat rescue out of the front of the office .
1	excellent and large selection of quality books .
0	there are much better pizza joints around .
1	i am a fan !
0	what a waste of time !
0	so , it 's a really racist place that i do not recommend .
1	but it has the <unk> look to it .
0	the hollandaise was tasteless and coffee tasted like dirt .
1	everyone went way out of their way to make it a perfect day .
0	it was totally disgusting and they took forever .
1	it 's very authentic , and the family owners are great !
1	i love this store .
0	stylist have no idea what there doing or talking about .
0	dont waste your time with this place .
0	worst burger of my life .
1	lots of good people !
1	top notch company .
1	the service is really friendly here .
0	the petit filet mignon and the ny strip was pretty bland , lacking flavor .
1	the sushi is consistent and excellent .
1	he is so kind and gentle with my dog .
1	they will fry fish as well .
1	they have great customer service and friendly staff .
1	good food !
1	so happy i ended up here !
0	rice was a tad dry .
1	strongly recommend .
0	could n't figure out who to get the keys from afterwards .
0	i wo n't be going back , just because my personal taste .
0	there was absolutely nothing wrong with my car and the way it was driving .
0	over the years i have had only one poor experience .
1	take that chipotle !
0	i am allergic to diet soda .
1	they have the best colors , city , history , most fans , etc .
0	the school requests for feedback but does not take any action whatsoever .
1	he was comprehensive and nice .
1	_num_ people were all very happy .
0	the reservation was for _num_ and _num_ of us got there first .
0	not too thrilled with the value of a groupon from sports pub .
1	it 's always been quick and easy .
1	both were very very fresh and really hit the spot for starters .
1	the food has been excellent every time we have visited .
0	the girl put me on hold for _num_ minutes and forgot about me .
1	i 'm defiantly a fan .
0	why did it take _num_ minutes for our food to get there ?
1	some of the best desserts and pastries here .
0	the worst nail place ever .
1	delicious !
0	the food is lousy .
1	we really recommend this place .
0	very slow with the check .
1	nice common room with breakfast .
1	and oddly enough , the chicken wings are the best in town .
0	i have not ate here since they took out the grilled stuffed nacho .
1	i love their bagels and cream cheese and their bagel sandwiches .
0	this was because the layers , esp .
0	there was no bell to ring and i 've yelled out twice .
0	i do n't remember our waitresses name .
0	the service was horrible .
1	i love this place .
1	highly recommended .
0	however , i will never step foot in there or any postino property again .
1	fair prices and fast service .
0	also , the barber is really slow .
0	the food was just ok , but we were n't expecting much .
1	$ _num_ for a calzone and a drink is a great price too .
0	my husband ordered a burger which was $ _num_ and subpar .
0	first , and last visit unfortunately .
