1	the staff is always really friendly and willing to help .
1	the food is delicious and inexpensive .
0	it also does not have any particular flavor .
1	great job !
1	what a wonderful little pizza shop .
1	great service and awesome pho ' .
1	i highly recommend this company and the driver joe to future customers !
0	long story short by almost 2:30 a shuttle comes to get us .
0	disgusting .
1	everything is good .
1	go here with an appetite !
0	avoid yellow cab like the plague .
1	the service was great and they were very polite .
1	and the hotel rooms are nice .
0	do n't move in !
1	but he absolutely saved my cat 's life .
0	do not ever give this company your email .
0	nothing was stellar .
1	the service was really good and so was the pizza .
1	the food was pretty good .
1	the sauce is a little sweet and is great .
1	my husband loves it too .
1	the atmosphere is very warm and friendly and often with live music .
0	i 've been there many times , and this is the case every .
0	yet the same woman was there trying to convince me that it was fine .
1	very good flavor .
0	it was not worth the drive .
0	probably about _num_ minutes to get the food .
1	the best donuts i 've ever eaten , ever .
1	awesome food .
0	bottom line is poor excuses for terrible work .
1	however the employees here are extremely sweet especially holly !
1	and they actually run a cat rescue out of the front of the office .
1	excellent and large selection of quality books .
0	there are much better pizza joints around .
1	i am a fan !
0	what a waste of time !
0	so , it 's a really racist place that i do not recommend .
1	but it has the <unk> look to it .
0	the hollandaise was tasteless and coffee tasted like dirt .
1	everyone went way out of their way to make it a perfect day .
0	it was totally disgusting and they took forever .
1	it 's very authentic , and the family owners are great !
1	i love this store .
0	stylist have no idea what there doing or talking about .
0	dont waste your time with this place .
0	worst burger of my life .
1	lots of good people !
1	top notch company .
1	the service is really friendly here .
0	the petit filet mignon and the ny strip was pretty bland , lacking flavor .
1	the sushi is consistent and excellent .
1	he is so kind and gentle with my dog .
1	they will fry fish as well .
1	they have great customer service and friendly staff .
1	good food !
1	so happy i ended up here !
0	rice was a tad dry .
1	strongly recommend .
0	could n't figure out who to get the keys from afterwards .
0	i wo n't be going back , just because my personal taste .
0	there was absolutely nothing wrong with my car and the way it was driving .
0	over the years i have had only one poor experience .
1	take that chipotle !
0	i am allergic to diet soda .
1	they have the best colors , city , history , most fans , etc .
0	the school requests for feedback but does not take any action whatsoever .
1	he was comprehensive and nice .
1	_num_ people were all very happy .
0	the reservation was for _num_ and _num_ of us got there first .
0	not too thrilled with the value of a groupon from sports pub .
1	it 's always been quick and easy .
1	both were very very fresh and really hit the spot for starters .
1	the food has been excellent every time we have visited .
0	the girl put me on hold for _num_ minutes and forgot about me .
1	i 'm defiantly a fan .
0	why did it take _num_ minutes for our food to get there ?
1	some of the best desserts and pastries here .
0	the worst nail place ever .
1	delicious !
0	the food is lousy .
1	we really recommend this place .
0	very slow with the check .
1	nice common room with breakfast .
1	and oddly enough , the chicken wings are the best in town .
0	i have not ate here since they took out the grilled stuffed nacho .
1	i love their bagels and cream cheese and their bagel sandwiches .
0	this was because the layers , esp .
0	there was no bell to ring and i 've yelled out twice .
0	i do n't remember our waitresses name .
0	the service was horrible .
1	i love this place .
1	highly recommended .
0	however , i will never step foot in there or any postino property again .
1	fair prices and fast service .
0	also , the barber is really slow .
0	the food was just ok , but we were n't expecting much .
1	$ _num_ for a calzone and a drink is a great price too .
0	my husband ordered a burger which was $ _num_ and subpar .
0	first , and last visit unfortunately .
0	the meat was n't very well marinated .
1	the machaca meat is so flavorful .
0	when we arrived to the room , there was a significant chemical smell .
1	all in all a very nice track to play .
1	wow !
0	used to be my favorite , but not anymore .
0	i ordered lobster pizza and lobster bisque .
1	italian wines , friendly faces ( customers and waitstaff ) and phenomenal food !
1	very friendly and knowledgeable staff .
1	at the shop i met rex , whom he was very kind and friendly .
1	by far the best around !
0	if i could give no stars i would .
1	i recently had a facial with kayla plain and she was amazing !
1	the naan , chicken and vegetables are delicious !
0	if you want a terrible dining experience go here .
0	she was told that all _num_ tires needed to be replaced .
0	yea , they told me my fuel filter needs to get changed .
0	rates as one star , terrible customer service via communication with office and dispatch .
1	so good !
1	food and ambiance is amazing .
0	everything was cold and awful .
0	have not been to this location in awhile .
0	very strange and inappropriate comments coming out of one worker in particular .
1	such a wonderful restaurant , classy .
0	however , holly never called nor showed up .
1	let me tell you about my happy place .
0	i repeated my order twice and she still got it wrong .
0	numerous times my bins have not been picked up !
1	service was excellent the food was good but a bit pricey .
1	love this place !
0	my pizza was not even warm .
0	was facing back surgery and trying to find a surgeon .
0	i was at the cashier desk to pay my bill .
1	i just have to share how amazing lauren is !
0	her sister confirmed seeing this behavior and thought it was very creepy , too .
0	personally , i have n't gone back cuz of the amount of <unk> experienced .
0	the final kicker ; they add a mandatory _num_ % tip .
1	i highly recommend this place and will definitely be returning !
1	great customer service !
1	good beer selection , friendly service , decent bar food .
1	i love this place .
1	good selection of shoes for the working man .
1	this is my favorite place for sushi in the phoenix valley .
0	certainly never will get my business being this disrespectful to customers & questionable honesty .
1	great service !
0	this is simply a customer service review .
1	i always feel welcome and comfortable in his office .
1	soup so good make you wan na go back to sleep .
1	the service is wonderful !
0	went for sunday brunch and was very disappointed .
1	the staff is friendly and helpful .
1	god bless and best of luck in future .
0	they say he fell and hit his head on the corner of a table .
0	maybe a quality control problem ?
1	fresh .
1	bo , the bartender , is great .
0	what a sorry excuse for a `` healthcare professional '' !
0	a milkshake is $ _num_ !
0	stating did he tell me that he would take care of my order ?
0	my caesar salad was sour and otherwise bland .
1	food was very good as well .
1	very friendly staff that are always helpful .
0	my husbands food was ok as well .
1	absolutely delicious .
0	he acted rushed , impatient and rude .
1	the food was outstanding !
1	awesome !
0	but they made the sandwich wrong .
0	let it be know i 'm not taking this review out on her .
1	love my new haircut .
1	amber is a great stylist .
0	i would not recommend this cleaner .
1	everyone is friendly and the service is very good .
1	workers very nice and helpful .
1	service again was fine , not great but not horrible .
0	if i could give it a _num_ i would .
1	very nice desk staff and great maids .
0	my strawberry shake is very on point though .
1	the cheddar was so good on this .
0	i have no idea what the heck they did to bend my key !
0	do not go when the blonde female day instructor is the one checking .
0	ac does n't work well and the door handles are terrible .
0	they even had to put it back together to fit the kit !
1	food is good if the right person is working .
0	very slow service here ?
1	i felt special .
0	do n't be fooled .
0	we should 've just gone there to begin with .
0	thursdays in particular seem to be the worst .
1	we would highly recommend royal covers to bring you some shade in sunny arizona !
1	the place is great !
0	... no dice .
1	best sausage ... mmmm !
0	i finally convinced the waiter of my order which was to be chicken quesadilla .
1	i will be back very soon !
0	their eggs are rarely cooked as requested by the customer .
1	adopted many animals over the years from this place .
1	i really enjoy it here .
1	mark the owner is very straight forward , honest and easy to work with .
1	and you know christmas is right around the corner .
0	we gave a written notice to the leasing manager and a doctors letter .
1	i 've been coming here for _num_ years and always had a good experience .
1	they were also incredibly friendly and a pleasure to do business with .
1	great customer service .
0	tastes like freezer burn .
0	very slow service , over _num_ minutes to check out .
1	best burgers in arizona !
1	this is the place for real people .
0	i guess i should have called someone else .
1	everything is worth a look inside of this theater .
1	the ambience is just perfect for a wedding .
1	the energy of the place and food is absolutely incredible .
0	the manager has an apparent sour attitude .
0	it 's been nearly _num_ weeks and i still ca n't get any answers .
1	the price are well priced .
1	but i thought it was very good !
1	love this place !
1	very good !
0	a rude customer service agent answer the phone .
0	bought a very expensive mattress and it has been horrible since the first week .
0	but i wo n't be back .
1	the tempura shrimp is the best ... .
0	_num_ weeks ago i was in tucson and got a way nicer blizzard !
1	its pretty cool - though tough on cameras !
0	this was the worst sausage i have ever had in my life !
1	i will definitely use them again .
0	i could have stayed in sheraton at the price we paid to stay here .
1	the portions are great , and even an arugula salad was elevated and tasty .
1	i love the common market .
1	he had pancakes , which he loved .
1	we asked to move and she just moved the table .
0	could n't even drink it .
0	nothing is new here about my bad experience .
1	the chips and salsa with bean dip were excellent !
1	the food and service was <unk> good !
0	the worst !
0	for the prices they charge , you have a right to expect better food .
1	great location , friendly staff , knowledgeable .
0	the service is horrible , they 're rude and condescending .
1	fingers crossed .
0	was expecting a hilton quality hotel and this was not quite there .
1	this is the best spot in downtown champaign overall .
1	this is a wonderful , inviting store with a warm and knowledgeable staff .
1	really great service .
1	great late night happy hour !
1	the staff are always interesting to talk to and they have great customer services .
1	beautiful collection of native american artifacts .
1	or ... you can go for lunch and order a tasty sandwich and side .
0	i was incredibly unhappy with this experience .
1	jenny `` o '' was incredibly helpful today .
1	i was good to go in less than an hour .
0	very dissatisfied and shame on me for coming here !
1	the restaurant and downstairs bar are very cool and the food is great .
0	the wait 's long and it 's super crowded .
1	will easily last for more than _num_ meal .
1	ah , madison !
1	still the same great quality .
0	not a good comment from an employee to a customer .
0	but wait , it gets worse !
1	she is the best .
0	it took me _num_ calls to get a hold of him .
1	great food , great service , great atmosphere .
1	every person i spoke with was extremely pleasant and knowledgable .
1	the coffee is top notch .
0	they send past due bills to collections without sending you a bill first .
0	terrible customer service .
1	great little sandwich shop with good food and great prices .
1	they are absolutely perfect !
0	overall , i was not impressed and regret going .
1	great flavor , great spice .
1	this place is a hidden gem .
1	the service is fine !
1	great bar place to hang out at .
1	wow !
0	one of those between _num_ am and _num_ pm windows .
1	that equals house of pleasure .
0	tried the vermicelli ( bun ) here and it was terrible .
1	great bbq , great people and great prices .
1	dropped on here for dinner the other night with one of my friends .
1	thank you again !
0	i could n't possibly stop them all .
1	sooo good !
1	costco is pretty much the same where ever you go in the valley .
1	great homemade lunches .
1	i think the beds were the most amazing thing , tho !
1	great experience .
0	the milk pitcher was never once refilled .
1	overall great experience !
1	i come every week to this location , love the food , always satisfied .
1	friendly .
0	it was strange , and it left me feeling uncomfortable .
0	it has low prices and pretty much everything you need .
0	but clearly did n't care .
1	love this store .
1	i come here atleast twice a month .
1	the odds were ever in our favor .
0	no chicken first time and long line of people waiting .
1	great price specials for lunch and dinner .
1	the shrimp tacos was great and the salsa is great !
1	fresh food .
1	service on point .
1	great wifi .
0	they way we were greeted was unacceptable .
1	sooooo yummy !
0	the bathroom amenities were kinda cool .
1	good , reliable delivery .
0	stayed october _num_
0	this place has the worst customer service ever .
1	great food .
0	the pizza was cold .
1	great beer !
1	his assistant , <unk> , was delightful too .
0	no taste and the pieces were way too big and full of stringy gristle .
1	bread is baked fresh every day and really soft .
1	i loved the sesame chicken and pot stickers .
0	i use to cry myself to sleep every night .
1	it 's tasty and spicy , just how i like it .
0	this place deserves no stars .
0	wow - yesterday 's meal was quite a disappointment to say the least .
1	staff was super friendly and helpful .
1	my husband and i love this place .
1	attitude reflects leadership and they have done it right .
1	pizza bianco is always packed and voted best pizza in phoenix !
1	the pretzels are a must have every time i go .
0	it was so bland and no flavor what so ever .
0	whatever awesome sauce this place had previously has been replaced by epic failure .
1	paul and rex are ethical , professional , and their staff does great work .
0	just plain rolls that were just okay .
1	my piercer was ana , who i totally love !
0	hopefully i get a better experience next time .
1	the best part was the delightfully affordable tab at the end !
0	since mercedes stopped working here , the service has gone down hill .
0	lines here are so long .
0	i went to this cleaners for alteration to a gown .
0	( no , we 're not lazy , i swear .
1	solid slices .
0	i will never try it again .
1	i highly recommend if you are seeking good southern cooking .
1	& i have sampled most of it !
1	i always come here on monday nights for the wing special .
1	the food was excellent and the experience was fantastic .
1	his staff are professional and warm .
0	the ladies restroom was worse than a truck stop restroom .
0	i went here hoping to find something affordable as i was low on money .
1	went there friday night , and absolutely amazing place .
0	n took _num_ min to get a beer .
1	the staff is very friendly and helpfull .
1	it was amazing !
1	best thing i 've had on the menu !
1	the food was good .
1	everything was fantastic ... people are still asking us where the food came from !
0	unbelievable !
1	thank you oregano 's .
0	this review is not based off of an isolated visit either .
0	the massage chairs inside are awesome !
0	you 're a crappy burger joint near a walmart .
0	do not fill your meds here .
0	i would rather shoot pool at river city pockets .
0	getting this aggressive and rude is horrible business .
0	this place needs better management .
1	the hostess was very nice and accommodating with my daughters wheelchair .
0	we were told it would be awhile because there were no tables .
0	it was not a pleasant experience .
1	awesome eating experience !
1	in any case , great food & great selection of microbrews !
1	he is one of the best doctors in the valley .
0	the meat itself smelled horrible .
1	here was no exception and it was really good , convenient , and reasonable .
1	best open late spot in bloomfield .
1	got ta love that .
1	this is as good as it gets .
1	staff is very knowledgeable and pleasant .
1	it was packed .
1	this is one of the very best in the chain .
1	she was so sweet and very helpful with my purchase .
0	had an emergency & would not give me time of day .
0	she was able to get me in the very next morning _num_ am sharp .
1	he keeps the restaurant quite clean .
1	its fun little spot , always busy .
0	the pizza was thin crust , square cut , and cold .
1	fantastic service and absolutely amazing food .
1	the apartment is very spacious and quiet .
1	she 's the best thing that happen to me .
0	the food was ok nothing special .
1	so friendly and helpful .
1	the best mexican food miles around !
1	best waiter so far .
0	their counting skills are horrible .
1	this place is amazing .
1	the food is good , the waitresses are pretty , its a fun atmosphere .
1	what a great little find .
1	and boy this was a good find .
1	the best beef tenderloin in the madison area .
1	the food here is excellent .
1	food , staff , and atmosphere were great .
0	then she offered to have maintenance come up and `` spray '' the room .
0	after calling another store , found out that i was overcharged for the lenses .
0	terrible customer service .
0	woke up early on my day off to make an 8am appointment .
1	came across this place while on our way to panda express .
1	i really trust these guys .
0	there was hardly any pesto .
0	finally , she brings out the invoice .
1	it 's really the gravy that sets this breakfast delight apart from the rest .
1	i highly recommend you checking them out !
1	great service very friendly people .
1	but a great choice for a visitor like myself !
0	the food was mediocre at best .
0	maybe i just came at the wrong time ?
1	thank you , thank you from the root salon !
1	i love this place .
1	really will put together place .
1	my wife and friends love this place .
1	really good greasy spoon breakfast on the weekends .
1	the sides were also amazing .
0	shame i ca n't give this place a lower review .
1	the owner gina is always smiling and makes you feel at home .
1	the staff is friendly and super helpful !
0	the boyfriend sat down at the bar immediately and i ran to the facilities .
0	this one i on the worst list .
0	my friend said the damage has been done .
1	best pizza crust in vegas !
1	the pizza is very good !
1	always wonderful food , always a friendly , warm , fast staff !
0	i got _num_ made , _num_ did n't work ( sound familiar ) .
1	so lucky to have found this great salon close to our home .
0	i would not recommend spending your hard earned dollars here .
1	it was definitely one of the nicest vietnamese restaurants with modern clean ambience .
0	we all should know by now that the palace station is not a palace !
0	ate here many times as a kid .
1	coffee , as always , is very good at barriques .
1	beautiful ambiance ... just adorable .
1	best tacos and tamales in town , also , the best price .
1	the place is intimate .
1	this place is perfect for a celebration dinner with some special people .
1	not often i have a fast food experience this enjoyable .
1	would recommend them to anyone !
1	it 's definitely worth the drive !
0	not at this hertz .
0	wish i had followed my first mind and went to ihop 's .
0	as for the quality , i was n't really happy with it .
1	never disappoints !
1	this place is awesome .
0	i was rushed to the pedicure chair .
0	bring your own towel , they do n't provide you with anything .
0	save yourself the money and the time and take drivers education online .
0	bathroom was disgusting .
1	other than that the service and food are great !
0	terrible experience .
1	salsa was not great and has a tomato paste texture .
0	chips tasted stale .
1	great local restaurant that is also family friendly during the week .
1	happy to find this place for my son !
1	great location and ambiance .
0	but mainly the meat was way too dry .
0	most companies charge less than $ _num_ for a diagnostic .
1	for a chain ajo al 's is pretty decent .
0	the three of us finished it quickly and were still hungry .
1	extremely nice staff .
1	this place has one of the best breakfast burritos in the entire valley .
1	this location is always great .
0	_num_ stars from me .
0	my fries were way too cool ( almost cold ) and lacked salt .
1	now to the food , blue moon on tap , yay !
1	very reasonable and very fast .
1	loved this place !
1	good pizza if you like new york style .
0	do you get the idea it was bad ?
1	i highly recommend this local 's favorite !
1	definitely will be back .
1	our servers name was liz , she was so professional and very sweet .
0	all together , they made the experience go from bad to not so bad .
0	the bathroom was a horrible mess and immediately i noticed there was no soap .
1	i love most of the clothes .
1	the service was great too !
0	oh my gosh , do not go here !
0	i do n't know how they pass their health inspection .
1	the food is actually quite good .
0	i 'm totally upset if my writing is not you can understand ... lol !
0	i would n't go out of my way .
1	amazing dinner amazing service .
1	food has always been pretty tasty .
0	butter fish was awful .
1	amazing.
0	so he came back with me - his 2nd time this week .
1	the menu is imaginative and fresh !
0	seriously , go to frys and buy your own .
0	they only cost _num_ in paris and _num_ in the rest of the country .
1	the food is top notch .
1	egg rolls & spring rolls are both very good .
1	best hour workout i 've ever experienced and i 've tried everything !
1	i just love this place .
1	best mexican food in town !
1	tempe 's finest ( long wong 's on mill owners ) in chandler .
1	everything is great here .
0	roach infested , management does n't care .
1	great great guy .
1	took the family and enjoyed the experience .
1	the staff is always pleasant .
1	almond chip is also a great choice .
1	go , eat , love , regret and do it all over again .
0	we had the bleu cheese chips , which were excellent .
1	great service .
0	we were very disappointed .
1	great service and very fair pricing .
1	he was very friendly and accommodated my needs .
1	awesome food .
1	the portions are generous and the price is reasonable .
0	while it was quick , it was n't all that friendly .
1	i crave it from time to time .
1	best burgers in town !
0	disappointing place .
1	they are by far the best i 've ever had .
1	so amazing .
1	the service was very good and timely .
1	been coming here more often with some friends since this is their favorite place .
0	their food 's just not that good for the price .
0	after three more days with no word , i called again .
1	breakfast is great .
0	come to find out they wo n't cover it either .
1	just my favorite place for getting meat !
1	i enjoy going here to explore .
1	the staff are always friendly , helpful and funny .
1	quite beautiful , challenging , fair and really well maintained .
0	she said , sorry you 're next .
0	she was too busy talking and joking around with the waitstaff .
0	the store manager was the real problem .
0	i have to say i 'm very disappointed with their customer service .
1	good food , good service and beautiful atmosphere .
1	i will continue to stay here when traveling into the phoenix area .
1	the staff was kind , friendly and approachable .
1	always the same great taste and comes out hot .
0	they create problems with your car and never find the real issue .
1	go for the fresh squeezed orange juice .
0	they 're already wearing rubber gloves .
0	the ugly : absolutely not child friendly .
1	friendly staff and very attentive .
0	maybe they were waiting for a take-out order to pass it off .
1	i 'll definitely be back .
1	definitely as good as they say !
0	the service sucks and there food is not good .
0	the tso chicken was extremely breaded .
1	nice relaxing massage and good exam before adjustment .
1	i disagree , but it 's definitely up there with some of the best .
1	the food was incredible !
0	zero stars .
1	russ and his team really are the best .
1	i enjoy the beer .
0	i will not be going to this kfc ever again .
1	friendly and informative .
0	one of my worst experience ever my eating pupusas .
0	not a great experience - and ca n't say i 'll ever be back .
0	no refills offered on chips or drinks .
0	the decor is not cheesy .
1	good to know if you do n't eat pork ( like me ) .
1	love it !
1	i 've been using this butcher since i moved here two years ago !
1	the coffee is great and the refills ate free !
0	what a shame !
1	they really are the best around !
1	it gets better ... .
0	chicken noodle soup had zero chicken in it .
1	authentic style mexican food , popular items .
1	totally recommend .
0	i think i 'll stick to lee 's sandwich next door .
0	no class .
1	by far the best jewelry store i have been to .
1	i had the goat cheese chicken sandwich and it was excellent !
1	one of my absolute favorites .
0	text book failure .
0	after more waiting , a group of _num_ entered the eating area .
1	both were excellent .
0	strongly not recommended .
0	they book everyone every _num_ mins .
0	close at _num_ if employees want to go home that bad !
1	i also liked the exhibit of watches as well as the butterfly displays .
1	and the food is great !
1	love this place .
1	the servers were very fast and very good also .
0	very misleading and disappointing .
1	first time coming here and we loved it !
1	love the food and gluten free options they have available .
1	all delicious .
1	i also recommend their chili relleno .
1	the classes are smaller but not too small and the location is great .
1	she is honestly so amazing !
1	the view was fantastic on the second floor .
0	but today was exceptionally bad .
1	they were fantastic !
0	i ordered a bean and cheese burrito for $ _num_ .
1	this is my second time at <unk> and i really enjoy this place !
0	again , nothing really to rave about .
0	visit from hell .
1	our server was extremely nice and helped us have a great experience !
1	highly recommended .
1	service is fairly decent .
1	they also have a gift shop and a coke machine .
1	the service here is incredible .
1	madison sourdough is our new favorite weekend breakfast/brunch spot .
1	good guys , and honest from what i can tell .
0	bad attitude , terrible food , what is there to like ?
0	but kayla , our cashier ?
1	this is a classic chinese cuisine with authentic food close to town .
0	both toilets full of crap .
1	definitely will be back .
0	the sandwich itself , was not what was represented on the menu .
1	satisfied with food quality and service !
1	one of my favorites places for sushi !
0	i only gave this place one star only because i had to .
0	do not go here if you want nice looking nails .
1	eating here for years and always enjoy the food .
1	my girlfriend had the mahi tacos and those were delicious !
0	a simple bottle of beer was $ _num_ .
1	i could tell they took very good care of her here .
0	she said it was ok , i tried it and it was very bland .
1	sheer deliciousness !
1	fresh bread .
1	friendly staff .
1	good .
1	this is why i love the duck .
0	absolutely ridiculous must have over booked themselves .
1	open bar , friendly staff ... was fabulous experience !
0	do n't bother going to this hooters for the food .
0	i 've gone to various locations - phoenix , tempe , shea blvd .
0	it 's terrible and expensive to boot .
0	second time i pull up , drive thru box is still broken !
1	but it is totally worth coming to now .
1	happy hour til _num_ pm .
1	i went here last a year and a half ago and enjoyed the food .
0	sorry chicago hamburger co i really really wanted to like you .
0	ok , it took over two hours for the driver to deliver our food .
1	love this place !
0	hey you never know until you try it right ?
0	i 'm taking my business elsewhere .
1	and if you love crust like i do , this is your place !
0	it 's too bad i really liked this place .
0	i can not believe it .
1	thank you !
0	unfortunately , the quality service has changed .
1	the wings are good .
1	the owners makes it all special .
1	the foods here are pretty decent .
1	first off l , their edamame is the best i 've tasted .
1	they are always on point and friendly .
0	slight central european accent .
1	cute place , great iced tea , i 'm a fan .
0	the vendor did n't stock your shelves , fool !
0	my chicken dish was not very warm on the inside .
1	the flavors were rich , interesting and delicious .
1	the best meal on the menu is the tuna salad with fries .
1	very satisfying .
1	will come back here the next time i 'm in shadyside !
1	great greasy pub food and awesome service makes for a good time .
0	the burger i got look nasty .
0	this is n't just for premium parking , but its for general too .
0	i think the restaurant impossible should visit this place and fire the chef .
1	still a fun spot to meet for brunch or lunch with friends .
1	amazing dinner experience !
1	this restaurant is a master of understatement .
1	great atmosphere , perfect for a date night .
0	no refills on ice tea .
1	i am enjoying phoenix cc !
1	great atmosphere .
1	the salsa is fresh , the chips are warm , and the service excellent .
1	<unk> was truly one of the nicest people you 'll ever meet !
1	huge donuts .
1	the food here is always good , but the customer service is fabulous !
1	i always know what i order will be cooked perfectly and taste delicious .
0	oh , and it was a handicap room .
0	more than that , i felt very uncomfortable with the condition of the salon .
1	tamara is amazing !
1	he deserves and earned a good recommendation !
1	great prices !
1	she ordered a cheeseburger , i got the portobello mushroom sandwich .
0	finally , someone comes and tells us that their wait list has disappeared .
1	their facilities are modern and comfortable .
0	after half a taco , i could n't do it .
1	it 's a wonderful place .
1	lovely staff .
1	highly recommend .
1	food is above par for bar food .
1	service was fun and friendly !
1	they consistently do a fantastic job and are wonderful with the dogs .
0	so disappointed in the whole experience .
0	they were thick , paint from nail to nail was very uneven just horrible .
1	little pricey but great historic landmark .
1	friendly and beautiful hair .
1	great products and an amazing return policy !
0	this is a place i would never go back to .
0	sandwiches were alright , but not worth the price .
1	park central is a great traditional deli with a large varied menu .
0	the cheese in the mac was a bit thin .
1	i love this place !
0	i was forced to give it _num_ star or you can not post .
0	i got an exterior wash on my way out of town .
1	she is so personable and the service is impeccable .
1	tour guides are lots of fun !
0	rip off .
1	pat and carl are very friendly and helpful .
1	they are true `` cat people '' !
1	i will certainly be taking all my cars there from now on .
0	the room looked run down and cheap .
1	staff was awesome and the food was delicious !
0	i was only here for _num_ minutes and now they have lost my registration .
0	overall , i feel like i really wasted my money here .
1	they offer most services , and their prices are very reasonable .
0	horrible !
0	so no food and drink provided or hostess as promised .
1	their servers are always friendly and efficient .
0	_num_ was enough waiting .
0	no marinara sauce !
1	totally on top i ever table and super , super nice & friendly .
1	close to asu and seems to be popular with the students .
0	we decided to try the place again thinking it was a bad night .
1	i highly recommend this salon and patty in particular .
0	i 'm not sure what the final straw was .
0	these dr 's and nurses are not properly trained .
1	i 'm definitely a fan and will return .
1	loved my experience here .
0	$ _num_ coupon for a feast .
1	the food i 've had at the weddings has been amazing .
1	the staff are awesome and i love the classes .
1	my absolute favorite thing is the great gobbler sandwich .
0	really thin though and the batter they use is n't very special at all .
1	definitely worth a try .
1	tonight it was busy , but service was excellent .
0	the place was a typical sports bar , dimly lit .
1	the salon is cute , friendly and very well priced !
1	great deals and high quality stuff .
1	dining outside on the deck is a must .
0	i 've called corporate numerous times , no answer no response .
0	but quite obnoxious if you are not into that type of thing .
1	day or night , this place is one of the top restaurants in phoenix .
1	prices are also very reasonable .
0	service is incredibly painfully slow too .
1	the other food is pretty good depending on what you get .
1	lots of good choices !
0	to top it off , service was poor .
1	great selection , good prices and good old fashioned service .
1	the inside is completely renovated , and it 's always packed .
1	you will love it .
0	stayed in line _num_ minutes from the time i ordered .
0	spent the better part of an hour looking , to no avail .
1	i also love the beer selection .
0	my bus is over four hours late and i 'm so livid right now .
1	best sushi in vegas .
1	love extreme pita !
1	and if there 's ever a mistake , they will happily fix it .
1	food was wonderful .
1	love love love old pueblo !
1	well worth what you pay .
0	those machines need to be attended to and cleaned properly by staff .
1	we just celebrated our 30th anniversary .
1	had amazing food here .
1	i have been here twice and both times the service has been great .
0	avoid this place .
0	the awful customer service will keep me away .
0	it 's noisy because of the construction work being done .
1	thanks halo !
0	smoothie making is not that difficult !
1	your taste buds will thank you .
0	no waitress no one else walking around .
1	everything was delicious and the service was good .
1	this is a nice place to go for generous portions .
1	they have their own parking lot so its easy access .
1	i have always really liked famous dave 's .
0	_num_ stars .
0	worst location ever !
1	boarded my dog there and the staff was nothing but extra nice and caring .
0	what horrible customer service .
1	food is amazing .
1	yum yumm yummy !
1	everyone was so friendly and helpful .
0	i do n't understand what is so hard about not putting tomatoes .
0	i 'm sorry but that 's just not acceptable .
1	it has good prices and good food .
0	i am not convinced .
1	delicious breakfast !
1	the burgers and sandwiches are all really good and the service is fantastic .
1	would definitely recommend !
1	i loved this spot !
0	- i did n't have to cook .
1	they have two lines so service is always quick even during the lunch hour .
1	so nice to see vegan milkshakes !
1	good food , good people , definitely a great neighborhood place .
1	score !
1	the staff are really friendly and pretty helpful .
1	visited lo lo 's for lunch last week and absolutely loved it .
0	rude customer service in beer section .
0	the food was horrible i feel like i was robbed .
1	they make their own desserts and the food , so good .
1	great find !
0	staff was fine , but the food is not up to par .
1	she does an amazing job on my brows every time i see her !
0	i 'm surprised it did not break !
1	food was hot & delicious .
1	i am very pleased with his service as well as his office 's service .
1	it was even better than i had hoped .
0	the manager was not helpful , just said `` sucks to be you '' .
0	i did n't even know i liked salsa on eggs .
0	the place is gross !
1	this restaurant is the best kept secret in all of phoenix .
0	how do they mess up the most basic foods of a chinese restaurant ?
0	very disappointed at this point .
1	everything i 've tried here has been amazing .
1	the staff was very knowledgeable , friendly and prompt .
1	good food .
0	wo n't go back .
1	cracker barrel has some great food at reasonable prices .
1	waiters were very attentive and funny .
1	love live music !
1	good place for dinner .
1	always order them extra crispy , finger licking good !
1	i have never felt so good as when i leave here !
1	the coffee is superb .
1	their sauces are rich and creamy .
1	service is friendly .
1	beautiful and comfortable place to watch some angels baseball .
1	we won second place and we met a very fun couple .
1	the workers are very friendly .
1	absolutely solid from start to finish .
0	not this time .
1	i love sub one hoagie house !
1	highly recommended .
1	most excellent !
1	i highly recommend it .
1	i love the thicker cut and the new butter buns .
1	this place is fantastic .
1	this is one of our favorite places to order pizza .
0	the cashier apparently told her it was ok .
1	i love this place , all the people are great !
1	and a terrific staff there that works with you !
1	good food for the price .
0	not worth the hassle .
0	, but a couple places in charlotte made me like it again .
1	the rice is very good and hummus is too .
1	i will be coming back here to eat again .
1	i love being able to try different styles of wine .
1	lots of children .
1	very good place to be !
1	the food was good and the staff attentive .
1	i needed a new suit recently , and had an outstanding experience here .
1	great <unk> pastrami and cole slaw .
0	the food is absolutely bland , tasteless and poorly prepared .
0	i 'm certain they notice , they just do n't care .
1	i 've recommended hays to many friends and family without hesitation .
1	i love their carnitas , simply delicious .
1	we added that with french fries and she was set .
0	bland burgers , bland hot dogs , and expensive as all get up .
1	really enjoyed the building itself as well .
0	after not hearing back from them , i sent an email requesting an estimate .
1	my favorite brunch spot .
0	no cheese !
1	staff was very friendly and informative .
1	amazing chips and salsa and the service is always wonderful .
1	everyone is professional , knowledgeable , and caring .
0	hell , i 'm the one paying for the visit !
1	excellent new york style pizza .
1	wonderful dinner with good company .
0	i was completely appalled by the lack of basic manners .
1	it was good food and it would make me return .
1	the staffs are very knowledgeable and helpful .
0	i mean , the pizza is edible , but not worth the calories .
1	it 's that good .
1	we will definitely be getting our nails done here from now on !
1	the food is fantastic .
0	prices have been increased and portions reduced .
0	in fact i did n't see one of them stand around .
1	more furniture is the best furniture store in the valley .
1	so good it gets crowded ... .
0	was i expecting too much ?
0	it also came with a small bowl of soup , which was flavorless .
1	the place has a great vibe as well !
0	wan na bet that 's the first thing they look at ?
0	but that is not a reason for employees to be rude to the customers .
1	i made a reservation here for a graduation dinner with my parents .
1	this place was great .
1	we found dealer 's choice on yelp with positive reviews .
0	but that is why we have the internet .
0	i frequently get my vehicles washed and/or detailed .
1	our waitress was sweet and very attentive to our table .
1	good pizza and hoagies .
1	flavors of india serves up a decent lunch buffet .
0	after driving the vehicle was obvious that the alignment was n't done as indicated .
1	they have the best enchiladas of anywhere i have tried .
1	the bowls are spicy and are a super value .
1	great experience for the money !
0	do n't waste your time or money here unless lindsay is at the bar .
0	also , i only really watch _num_ channels and not _num_ they 're offering !
1	love love love this office , and honestly ca n't say enough !
1	i enjoy the movies shown at park terrace .
1	saying we come here a lot is an understatement !
1	so many reasons to love this little independent wonder .
1	had a very pleasant experience !
1	it was the perfect recovery meal for our vegas trip !
1	fast , affordable , and quality work .
1	they really seemed to enjoy their job .
1	i also got the hashbrowns as my potato , and they were great .
1	she gave me such a wonderful and stylish cut and color .
0	no flavor , no heat , and no veggies .
0	once we ordered i just assumed that everything would remedy itself .
1	i love the decor and overall feel of the business .
0	our waiter did not check on us once .
1	i had a great experience here .
0	unfortunately , it was downhill from there .
0	for $ _num_ i expected a bit more grande than what i got .
0	unacceptable service !
1	the strip mall has some funny shops but it is safe .
1	great place for lunch .
0	why go here when there are much better restaurants around .
1	great spot - yes , a chain , but good food and quick !
1	great food !
0	but beyond that issue , the hem was done terribly .
1	i love this place .
1	i very much enjoyed my first visit here .
1	regardless , this nordstrom is actually quite nice .
1	she was thrilled and i was truly impressed .
0	but it will not be for a very long time .
1	i can only imagine what the meat tasted like but everyone loved it .
1	unique and fun .
0	i understood the towing was necessary so i did n't fight it .
0	then i 'm talking to someone new .
1	best subs in town ... worst parking in phoenix !
0	i do n't even know why this was a problem .
1	new attendant marcus was friendly and helpful .
0	i know eating out takes time but three hours is far too long .
1	and when i do , i 'm always pleasantly surprised .
0	i like my big fat greek restaurant 's more .
1	first time , place is good , service is friendly , restaurant is clean .
1	delicious sandwich and hot home made soup ... .
0	me and my co-worker called on the phone twice .
0	wo n't go there again , no matter how good the staff is .
1	charlotte is a pretty nice airport .
1	great place for food !
0	very disappointed .
1	good going streets of new york .
0	on my visit i opted for the basics .
1	awesome service !
1	great spot !
0	looks and taste both scored a _num_ out of _num_ .
0	so we stayed ... ugh .
1	good good good , nothing great .
1	it was decorated just as we wanted it to be !
0	ruined our panthers football game !
1	great airport .
0	otherwise , avoid !
0	$ _num_ just got me a sub ... no chips no drink !
1	the practice is quaint and cozy .
0	it indeed was sears to my surprise !
0	not in this case .
0	signage : poor to non existent .
1	good , solid food .
1	the library sure has changed over the years !
1	just watch your timing !
1	i had a great stay overall .
0	this is one of the worst animal hospital i been to .
0	$ _num_ for corn on the cob ?
1	fantastic view and awesome seafood !
0	also water tasted bad .
0	( but , i am struggling to think of worse ice cream . )
1	i love the food and the service !
1	we liked it so much that we wan na make it a weekly treat .
1	the scene is nice here and the sushi is good .
0	they cheated me almost _num_ thousand dollar which is very huge amount for me .
1	thank you so much shelly for an amazing dining experience !
1	exceptional service !
0	two of the men working treated me like i was a complete idiot .
1	will definitely be back a gem in az !
0	1st time i ordered they brought me the wrong kind of pizza .
0	the hostess here is terrible .
1	marvelous , splendid ?
1	the food was amazing .
1	thank you for a great experience with food and service !
1	the service has always been really good .
1	kudos to nails _num_ !
1	always enjoyed this chipotle location .
0	but instead i bought a cookie and left .
1	we love the young lady that takes your order for call in delivery .
1	i have found a new dentist and it 's close to where i live !
0	it 's for sitting on and watching tv .
0	everyone 's food came out yet not my plate .
0	arrived promptly at 7:30 and the place was very busy , which i expected .
0	then we left this dump and went to vegas .
0	sounded good , but it just tasted like balsamic grease .
1	thanks again for a great experience !
0	vegetarians fyi , there is seafood stock in the yc 's own sauce .
1	they are a wonderful asset to the community and have delicious food to boot !
1	they do a great job every time .
1	you should check it out .
1	the coffee is stellar !
1	the wait staff is always friendly and amazingly efficient .
0	if negative stars were available , this place would get them !
1	they are only salon in area that carries so many good designers .
0	garbage company .
1	service was superb too - <unk> behind the counter had impeccable customer service skills .
1	rides , games , food and animals you can feed and pet !
1	love !
1	i highly recommend terri !
1	certainly would recommend this hospital .
1	best sushi in this price range by far .
0	the negative ?
0	i was given my keys very quickly and thanked .
1	so good !
0	doc fee , title , taxes , mandatory alarm system .
1	i recommend the pita cheeseburger .
1	love this place .
1	great environment .
1	most amazing wings ever !
0	overall , for the price , this place is a huge disappointment .
1	the new managers are doing a great job .
0	far past the expiration date ; _num_ .
0	the staff was friendly and the food was okay .
0	the `` hot sauce '' was not so hot , and not very tasty .
1	i recommend this place to everyone !
1	i was beyond please !
0	i probably would n't return .
0	she then forced them to walk through each empty section of the line .
0	no one really seemed to care or notice that we had moved ourselves .
0	oh ... .
1	great job .
1	salad was great !
1	the bartender was very detail minded friendly great service !
0	i was very disappointed .
1	the atmosphere is so romantic , the wine is fabulous .
1	the staff is always friendly and quick to get our drinks .
1	their ingredients are fresh and full of flavor .
1	the service is good and the deserts taste great .
1	the sandwiches are all on thick cut italian bread and fresh .
1	the price is reasonable .
1	highly recommend !
0	overall , not a great experience .
0	nellos will not see our dollars again .
0	just try not to ever rent a car here !
0	this is hands down the slowest del taco in the world .
1	i ca n't not tell you how happy i am to have seen him .
1	always packed !
1	it makes me love my body even more than the other stores !
0	never going back .
0	just saw some ridiculous driving from one of the delivery cars .
1	as a bonus , their prices are incredibly reasonable and they have wifi .
1	mai is my favorite person there so ask for her when you go .
1	the live band was amazing !
1	cool place !
1	this thrift shop has a large selection of good quality items for god prices .
0	and no wonder people do n't want to try playing this game .
0	third , the rice was very dry , and tasted old to me .
1	good mechanic shop .
0	i went there on guy fieri 's review , very disappointed .
1	second to a good mechanic is a good auto parts store .
0	that type of behavior has no place in a professionally run business .
0	then tried to sell me a package .
0	alma took my message and promised to call me back .
0	the only dish i liked was saffron seafood bisque .
1	yes , please !
0	i did n't have insurance and had a prescription for a generic medication .
1	i always have amazing service and delicious food here !
1	love love love you , lgo .
0	that 's right , _num_ new or _num_ used .
0	the store entrance glass doors are very filthy .
1	wow !
1	waitstaff is always polite and quick to assist .
0	threw the crap out asap !
1	nice people .
0	btw everything is expensive here which i do n't mind paying .
1	the atmosphere is great and the service is outstanding .
0	quickly losing stars .
0	of course , there 's nothing i can do , but warn others .
1	the staff is always friendly and my experience is always good .
1	one of the best free ones i 've had .
0	i am very disappointed .
1	i went yesterday for the first time and loved it !
1	service is decent but food is excellent , and that 's all that matters .
1	i have been referring friends and family here for _num_ years !
1	awesome service !
0	the potato totally overpowered the brie and you could barely taste it .
1	legit the best sushi place in pittsburgh .
0	it should n't take _num_ mins to get a coffee .
1	tiger fan friendly !
1	he is amazing !
1	this will be my go to spot whenever i fly out .
0	will not be returning .
1	seriously awesome .
0	she did apologize and take full responsible for the long wait .
1	they always have a daily special that is a good deal .
1	local art on the walls is always a plus too .
1	have had a couple of their brews so far and enjoyed each cup .
0	i will not risk the high blood pressure .
0	the camarones , too , were as tough as old leather .
0	i 'll spend my hard earned money where the food and service are better .
1	thank you , angel !
1	all in all , amazing sandwiches in a relaxing , friendly atmosphere .
0	it always seems dirty and has an extremely outdated western feel to it .
0	excuse me ?
0	ok still , we can hurry .
1	and staff is always so nice !
0	the customer service ( from the top ) is horrible .
1	oh yeah !
0	the rule is you wait until _num_ minutes before -- not _num_ .
0	the petting zoo was sad .
0	the place just sucked .
1	we will be back thanks guys !
1	great prices and has excellent customer service .
0	next time i should go to jimmy johns .
0	the cheesesteak barely had any meat or cheese .
1	giuseppe 's is a restaurant where the food quality is the most important thing .
1	the best local bar in tempe !
1	the service was excellent .
1	if you enjoy flowers , roses in particular , you will love it here .
0	i got over it until button number five was smashed .
1	great practice .
0	it taste overly processed and standard .
0	i will not be coming back !
0	disgusting rooms ... noisy ... smelly ... loaded with homeless people ... horrible experience .
1	i absolutely love my nails !
1	perfect ratio of sauce to cheese , excellent thin & crispy crust .
1	service was great .
1	thank you to carlos for installing my battery !
0	at almost $ _num_ a night , never again .
1	a wonderful stop for a genuine change of pace .
0	we ordered _num_ family portions of _num_ different dishes .
1	great job on a busy friday night !
1	the atmosphere is pretty chill and they have live music occasionally .
1	i would highly recommend bravo salon and their entire team of professionals .
0	but i guess you get what you pay for .
0	stopped in for a bite to eat before catching a game at chase stadium .
0	musty is chic now ? )
1	also , the ranch dressing is the best i 've had .
0	all of my food was room temperature when it came out .
1	this place knows what 's up .
1	clean place , nice vietnamese people , loved my mani and pedi .
1	he is amazing .
0	the worst ihop i 've ever entered .
0	salmon burger : all bread crumbs .
1	a visit a few weeks ago was just as good as ever !
1	very nice man .
1	was a pleasant overall time .
1	yeah this place is the best in the neighborhood .
0	what a nightmare .
1	we got there right at lunch time .
1	peter has done a great job on this place .
1	it 's taco bell lol .
1	love love love postinos .
1	came here for dinner with friends and loved it !
1	i ordered the chicken jerk sandwich with a side salad , absolutely loved it !
1	good quantity and quality .
0	and the vegetable part was this really sad portion of canned corn .
1	great dude .
0	the environment was awkward and weird .
0	glass bottled ketchup is so difficult to use .
0	even worse .
1	they are sympathetic and informative at the same time .
0	food was barely warm and flavorless .
0	worst customer service i 've ever experienced .
1	the owners are very nice in the store and on the phone .
0	so no variety there .
0	hello , allergy !
1	food is great compared to other fast food restaurants .
1	i will return many times .
0	too ethnic .
1	always happy with the service i receive .
1	highly recommend .
1	keep up the good work !
1	this is a wonderful course with a great layout .
1	its like a hidden treasure .
1	thanks again for the great time !
0	i was on time , but had to wait _num_ minutes to get in .
1	al mike 's is absolutely the kind of place any neighborhood would welcome .
1	excellent attention to detail and such pride in the work !
1	it 's all included with the buffet .
1	i love that they have sauce recipes to help you .
0	very disappointed .
1	professional and friendly service .
0	we checked in on yelp and got the free stuffed jalapeno appetizer .
1	a solid five stars !
1	love this place .
1	this is probably my favorite starbucks on the summerlin side .
1	the night staff on the weekends are great and friendly , and accomodating .
1	, but still worth it !
1	he was amazing !
0	i was disappointed with my ( $ _num_ ) camarones havana .
0	_num_ bus .
1	definitely coming back .
1	always excellent service .
0	terrible management and awful customer service .
0	the staff is terrible .
0	worst mexican restaurant ever !
1	how good does a waffle sound right now anyways ?
1	the prices are reasonable and the servers are friendly , too .
1	professional , great work and clean .
1	great food !
1	their wings are , you guessed it , amazing !
0	the cashier had no idea what we were asking for .
1	small smoking patio which is also a bonus !
0	what a terrible experience .
1	so glad i found this little gem !
0	no thanks findlay .
0	this place is a disgrace .
1	they are amazing and their customer service is top notch !
0	additionally , it did n't sit well with my stomach .
1	this is our go to breakfast spot !
1	super friendly and boxed our pho for us !
1	i loved the fries good seasoning on it .
0	they also will not go back .
1	this was a great place to eat .
1	if you 're looking for quality amazing chinese food , this is the place !
0	not good .
1	they are quick , attentive , and a bit pricey .
1	always tasty .
1	recommended for all meals , but lunch and dinner are usually a little better .
1	the fries were really good and salted to perfection .
0	park was beyond rude and unhelpful about it .
0	at that point i just left the establishment .
0	i did not even get to choose the color .
0	things went from okay to a little worse to absolutely horrible .
1	overall it was enjoyable .
0	but ... but ... try complaining about a piece of equipment .
0	i threw my mean in the garbage .
0	the name phoenix children 's has a trusted name , sure .
1	brake was the best decision i made for my brakes .
0	so i get the call the car is ready .
0	the courtyard is trashy and dated .
0	on top of the customer service being terrible the actual service is terrible too .
0	i wish i talked to the manager .
1	i was pleasantly surprised by the food here .
1	first class for everyone .
0	i gave up on drinks and tried to eat the bland jalapeo poppers .
0	service could n't be more disorganized .
1	great , great , great place to hike !
1	: ) good service and fast , in by 9am and out by 5pm .
1	happy hour was also a bonus .
1	i had my answers pretty quickly and was on my way !
1	nice !
1	and the food was amazing .
0	worst mechanics in las vegas .
0	whole city block is out of water .
1	a one stop shop of quality results and gear people at a great price !
1	work also was terrific .
0	filed complaint with the better business bureau and guess what ?
0	also the salsa is too spicy for kids to eat .
0	this is the worst delivery service i have ever had .
0	$ _num_ for a french dip sandwich is crazy !
0	same non english speaking driver and a repeat performance .
1	soup was so sweet and savory .
1	it was so nice to go to a relaxed place with good food .
1	service is consistently good .
1	that great guy at the drive through !
0	could use more bubbles though .
1	he is very flexible with your schedule , affordable , and very talented .
1	i highly recommend .
1	most of their restaurants are family owned .
1	small and local !
1	but they literally brought my food out on a serving tray !
1	i frequent this place for take-out as the food is pretty darn good .
0	i will never go back to this place again !
1	the food was absolutely incredible and the environment was so romantic .
0	if this is not your price i will go somewhere else . ''
0	the caribou associates know how to treat customers .
1	his staff is helpful , accommodating and show just as much compassion .
1	our salesperson brandon was excellent to deal with both before and after the sale .
0	also , there was only one table in the restaurant with customers .
0	i agree with chris l. ; i was disappointed with the cafe .
0	the beef , chicken , and shrimp were skimpy .
1	you can find amazing shoes at a bargain .
0	really bad italian food .
1	awesome spot !
1	susie was amazing !
0	awkward .
1	the food here is delicious !
1	this place is nice .
1	i came to phoenix and discovered that this place was closed down !
1	: ) i will definitly come here again .
1	i 'm glad to see them growing and improving .
0	bad airport .
1	we left the busy strip to try this place out .
0	it was so rude .
0	i would stay away from this place unless you know specific hairdresser .
0	it was hard and pretty tasteless .
1	this location is helpful , friendly , efficient and inviting .
0	the flan was ok & the chocolate chimis with ice cream were pretty good .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	very experienced and polite staff .
1	amazing sauce and really awesome pizza !
0	depressing .
1	appetizers are good as well .
1	the atmosphere felt quite chill and provided a great view of state street .
1	i love vca !
1	it is served hot n fresh with butter that melts in your mouth .
0	so very slow , but tons of waitresses standing around or sitting down eating .
0	if i could give a zero , i would .
1	besides that the service was good .
0	he did n't return to our table for over _num_ minutes .
1	there prices were fair and their customer service was incredible !
1	i 've been here a few times , and it 's really good .
0	if you get anything else , you 're wasting your money .
1	sat outside but the whole place has a comfy family atmosphere .
1	the customer was great the waitress was welcoming and super nice .
1	the place is great .
1	it 's amazing .
1	love <unk> at this place !
0	we recently started taking our cats to this vet .
1	the food is great .
0	the food is not the issue here at all .
1	great prices , and friendly bartenders .
0	we walked inside to the bar where the bartenders were a lot better .
1	they came right back out the next day and fixed it .
0	there is no wifi at the starbucks .
1	there are good odds on table games .
1	but i understand a real foodie would love this place more .
0	i never write negative reviews on here , but this had to be shared .
0	seriously gross .
0	i just got a $ _num_ exterior car wash !
1	the upstairs was packed with people dancing and going crazy .
0	the girl was extremely rude and asked me `` payments for what ? ''
1	i would recommend him to anyone .
0	they then proceed to start telling me available times in february .
1	interesting little shop in market square .
0	i most likely wo n't be back to one for a very long time .
0	it was not pretty , but tasted ok .
1	we would recommend them for both house calls and office visits .
0	you probably get what you pay for !
0	lame .
1	seems like it 's a family owned joint and very personable business .
1	she said the steak kabobs are excellent and so are the chicken .
0	horrible .
1	love going to this place when i fly into arizona from california .
0	the rice was dry ( almost hard and old ) and completely tasteless .
0	not $ _num_ a month as advertised on their own website .
0	i was appalled by the condition of this store and the animals being sold .
1	i always knew of captain bills because of growing up down the street .
1	pizza mia pizzas are the best i 've had while here in phoenix .
0	i had taken _num_ bites of the food when i noticed the sour taste .
0	the food itself was pretty bad .
1	if you like chicken tortilla soup , you will love their version .
1	but overall , very good .
1	always greeted friendly and with a smile .
0	but so far i have been extremely disappointed with it .
0	i will never go back to this dealership again for another car .
1	and wow , did it live up to the hype .
0	husband ordered penne chicken vodka sauce .
1	the service was very attentive .
1	great experience working with him and his team !
0	i would never go back to this place again .
1	it was my first time eating here and i will definitely be coming back .
1	awesome course .
1	open 24/7 !
0	the food is either too bland , sweet or sour .
0	we could n't even sit at the bar it was that crowded .
0	do n't know why they even bother with a business line .
1	you really get to know them and become friends with them !
0	from there it all goes downhill !
1	we 'll definitely return !
1	so good !
0	they never get back to me .
1	if you like gyros then you will love this place .
1	we had _num_ happy people at our table .
1	she was able to accommodate my request for a specific car .
0	the staff seemed extremely indifferent towards the guests .
0	nothing could be farther from the truth !
1	and the staff is always great and on top of everything .
1	great coffee and their bakery is fantastic .
1	great shop , excellent service , and great owner .
0	if your looking for all around i would suggest to look at someone else .
1	this is always a wash you 're hands after type of meal .
0	you could get a lot nicer salad at a sit-down restaurant for less money .
0	too bad ... .
0	margarita was good but gone after just a few drinks .
0	for example , the flavor had been cooked out of the edamame .
0	and i 'd come home randomly and find them there for no apparent reason .
0	people should know they are buying nearly stolen merchandise .
0	customer service is where things took a really , really horrible turn .
0	so , let 's make that a _num_ stars .
0	food was underwhelming and too greasy .
1	everyone is on top of everything .
0	i was overdone and the worst i ever had .
1	friendly waiters , always accommodating .
0	meat was not cooked properly and was very chewy .
0	very little customer service .
1	we just love it !
1	was pleased that i was able to get an appointment that day .
1	i can honestly say i would love to make my very own .
0	rude waitresses that make you wait forever .
1	the biscuits and gravy were fresh and delicious .
0	both the inside and the outside of the place are pretty worn down .
1	i ca n't recommend it high enough !
0	bad service .
1	the event space on the top floors is equally beautiful .
1	perfect outdoor patio on a summer day !
1	kids love smiley and so do i !
1	also , the teenagers they have working are super , super friendly .
1	she is so sweet !
1	super nice bartenders !
1	it is by far my favorite location !
1	excellent barbeque !
1	wow !
1	silver , unlimited rides and mini .
0	i talked to the duty manager and he was no help at all .
0	in fact , the food was even better three days later as leftovers .
1	i live blocks away so the location is perfect .
1	it 's beautiful .
0	no suggestion for something else , like what ?
0	person who answered the phone did n't seem to think this was unreasonable .
1	very quiet atmosphere , but nice .
1	another awesome dinner at havana cafe !
1	we were seated promptly an the service was good .
0	overall not a bad experience .
1	awesome restaurant .
1	i would definitely recommend it for the view .
1	some minor changes would make this a great little place !
1	your taste buds will thank you !
1	the food is always fast and fresh .
1	there is nothing better for nursing a hangover than the good egg .
1	very caring , patient , and just awesome !
1	a good selection of restaurants .
0	the service is also bad , another problem .
0	this company is horrible and sketchy .
0	bad service and bad food , i would pass .
1	shared with us some stories from his recent trip to paris .
1	love the service !
1	her 's looked delicious but i know mine tasted delicious .
1	the food is outstanding .
1	i had the best experience .
1	this place is great and you absolutely can not beat the prices !
1	great place for lunch .
1	the service was great .
0	ripoff !
0	i would n't recommend this one if you 're in a rush .
0	no , but a return visit , i do n't think so .
0	imagine if this guy uses the bathroom and no soap ?
1	the store is always clean and smells great upon entering .
1	quick and reasonable service at a reasonable price .
1	alex was the best !
0	my husband brought his truck here and had the same problem .
1	it is nicely priced , and they do an excellent job .
1	the food is great and the service is outstanding .
0	speaking of the room , it in itself was fine .
1	jose was not only efficient , helpful and friendly , he made me laugh .
0	this is the worst wendy 's in charlotte !
0	i tried the pineapple and was not impressed .
0	about _num_ minutes after we ordered we received our food .
1	really impressed , and they were super nice .
0	i knew my one experience wednesday night was too good to be true .
1	thank you !
1	the office is very clean with a small , hometown feel .
0	the egg benedict was truly disgusting and banana crepe was not good at all .
1	it was a totally lovely experience .
0	our visit was in a word , sad .
0	i would never wish this experience upon no one !
0	the bench was incredibly uncomfortable .
1	clean store with an enthusiastic staff .
0	bad lighting .
0	i guess all customers are n't equal .
0	but this location is terrible .
0	avocado was n't even chopped up in the guacamole .
1	these women are absolutely amazing .
1	loving my shoe collection ... back at it again !
0	when we received those , they were cold , as well .
0	drinking the rest of whatever we have in hand .
0	i used this last year and could n't wait to do it again .
0	steve and linda were so rude and unprofessional !
0	horrible customer service .
1	came here on a tuesday night and the place was packed .
0	i get it , sometimes you have to wait awhile to see the doctor .
1	my favorite feature though , is their rewards program .
1	good portion size and quality machaca .
1	the pool and spa were great !
0	worst service ever !
1	robert has always been fair and honest with me .
0	rude cause i was n't .
1	very at home feeling cafe .
1	i will recommend this restaurant to my friends .
0	except if it 's _num_ minutes before closing time on a monday night .
0	however we also ordered food , cause i was starving .
1	for those who do , enjoy !
0	food was only ok , but good portions for the price .
1	the owner is a super nice guy and they make a mean sandwich .
1	their eggs benedict always delicious .
1	thanks for giving us this jewel in the desert .
1	well worth the $ _num_ .
1	this place is awesome !
1	bagels and coffee always good .
1	the pasta salad was nice and simple .
1	great night out .
1	this place is the definition of great food at a great price .
0	she could n't wait and i was out of town for a few weeks .
0	i booked everything online and called to confirm .
1	his prices are completely reasonable and his staff is excellent .
0	so ... should n't they always have it ?
1	good atmosphere .
1	he did great work for a great price and was completely honest .
0	the shrimp does n't have any flavor and just tastes like grease .
1	very nice i like that there 's separate sitting room and three sinks .
0	wo n't go here anymore .
1	also try their sweet breads !
1	we enjoyed a carne asada burrito and a quesadilla .
1	the inside is nice and very clean .
0	but this gives me the chance to tell you how terrible the cannoli was .
0	not cool .
0	get a clue , people !
0	crap !
1	i had a great experience !
0	if i could give negative stars i would .
0	the cole slaw was pretty standard but pretty bland as well .
1	their pizzas are unique and delicious .
1	i like 'em all , but they do cake so well .
1	good luck hunting !
1	this place has great food , service , and atmosphere .
1	even their fries were delicious !
1	he was very honest with me and not pushy .
0	idk what happened but it really went down hill .
1	the greens where in great and cut consistent , fairways where very nice .
0	the restaurant was empty , by the way .
1	my favorite used record store in the valley .
1	i found the spa itself to be very comfortable .
0	i did n't realize iceberg could be so bad .
0	wrong again .
0	another chain restaurant with standard , dull american food .
0	is the filet all chopped up and tossed in with the pasta ?
1	bartenders are the best in tempe .
1	the building alone makes you drop your jaw in <unk> and appreciation .
1	best service .
1	they have a very nice atmosphere .
0	the red chile it self was very thin and watery .
0	they do n't know how to do business .
0	the general reservation number is the worst .
1	great bagel sandwiches .
1	really great and wanted to make our day even that much more special !
1	the general is great with everyone .
1	they 're friendly and serve good food .
0	the selection was slim to non .
1	thai taste is a sweet deal .
0	their service is terrible .
1	i recommend this cleaners to everybody !
1	food is great quality and fairly priced .
1	it is sooo freaking good !
0	the decor is tired and old but cozy .
1	the best !
1	the staff is very friendly and the sushi is amazing !
0	that 's ridiculous !
1	love sarah !
0	there was no special meal .
1	they have decent burgers and a fair selection of beers .
1	to the employee who helped me : hats off to you good sir !
1	everything was really fresh and the potato salad was really good also .
1	first time here , i found the atmosphere welcoming and the staff very friendly .
0	the service is not personal at all .
0	the only reason it even earned _num_ stars is for the atmosphere and nostalgia .
0	there was no definition or depth or any kind of contrast .
0	this lexus is just out for your money apparently , not for the customers .
1	i just love this place .
1	good service .
1	expensive , but good for special occasions .
0	too bad da vang was n't like that .
0	first off , the food is horribly overpriced .
1	i recommend !
1	lovely towels , good beds , fabulous kitchen , appliances and utensils .
1	our room was very large with plenty of extra space .
1	wonderful experience .
1	friendly , comfortable and the customer service is awesome !
0	the food does not justify the price .
1	the food is great and the happy hour options are endless .
1	my new favorite restaurant in az .
0	and i can not understand why people do .
0	first off , the colors were outdated and looked watered down .
1	this place is great !
0	i was only allowed to work _num_ hours and received no benefits .
0	long story long ... .
0	how rude !
1	the neighborhood is good and i would highly recommend this place .
1	friendly , plenty of room to sit , and good quality food & coffee .
0	the lock on the inside of the door did n't even work .
0	i am incredibly unhappy and disappointed .
0	so sad .
1	i love church !
1	the new seating is great .
0	this restaurant should have stayed closed when that car drove into it .
1	i definitely recommend this place .
0	the line was not too long but from here the customer experience went downhill .
1	great local neighborhood bar !
0	i did n't have enough water to wash down the dried chicken .
1	fries are good too .
0	what a shitty experience , i will never go there again .
0	surprisingly , none of it was really that good .
1	i have also tried some of their desserts and drinks , totally tasty .
1	yummy , ample portions and great variety .
1	solid place for sure !
0	there is nothing listed in the paperwork that says you operate this way .
0	crust tends to be overcooked so if like that , this is the place .
1	i love this place .
1	great food !
0	my _num_ year old and i were stunned !
1	their chicken fried steak and gravy is really good too .
0	not exaggerating , and not a soul in that office ever apologized .
1	it 's the best iced tea anywhere ever .
1	unusual and mouthwatering !
1	great prices !
0	the garlic knots were literally swimming in a pool of oil .
1	good fun !
0	as they rolled my bike away the alarm went off .
1	i 'm pretty surprised by the reviews .
0	it is not much money but its the fucking principle of the matter .
0	terrible .
1	great place for traditional english pub food .
1	the exhibits were absolutely wonderful .
1	food is always good .
1	the groomer was so nice and everyone that worked there was so friendly .
0	the worst i have had on the road .
1	he has been excellent .
0	they came and towed my car back to their shop .
1	oh and the nachos and onion rings were delicious !
0	some rude nasty woman answers the phone !
0	not 11pm , or a few minutes before .
0	worst place in vegas !
0	there are far more doctors with the same level of experiences .
0	it cost about _num_ dollars for a oil change .
0	as usual the menu look great and was very cheap .
0	the pharmacist was so mean ... apparently having a question is not acceptable .
1	staff is friendly , store is always clean .
1	tasted just as good as back home .
1	just a wonderful experience , we had the seven course prix fixe menu .
0	ugh .
0	and it was terrible .
0	i quickly ate and left to make my movie .
1	soul food is right .
0	as you can see from my star rating , this was n't the case .
1	this is , hands down , the best restaurant in champaign right now .
0	try another sally 's this one is ghetto .
1	will definitely be back .
1	what a great neighborhood restaurant !
0	what really scared me were the birds in the southwest terminal .
0	i do n't see a return in my future .
1	hands-down the best meal i 've had in phoenix .
0	the phone line is ringing like crazy .
1	the price is a little expensive , but it is worth it !
1	i loved the bar !
1	every seat offers a great view .
1	sushi is , in my opinion , best in town .
1	place is nice .
1	we ordered the tasting menu which was so much fun , flavorful and exciting .
1	really great !
0	there are just no good stores there .
0	wo n't be back - they need to charge way less for inexperienced groomers .
0	not sure we will be back , which makes me sad .
0	i will not make that mistake again .
1	i 'll definitely be going back .
0	that is very bad business .
1	came for dinner new year 's eve with friends and had a great meal .
1	great breakfast !
0	just awful .
0	would n't give us an available car at the same price .
0	i absolutely can not stand walmart .
0	then when the food came , it was bland .
1	nice family-owned cafe with yummy veggie options .
0	we were disappointed .
1	amy is the greatest server , but the rest are pretty good too !
1	i highly recommend !
1	very good !
0	it just tasted like nothing .
1	great service too .
0	they had to cut into our ( non leaking ) roof to install it .
1	its spicy and the grilled onions are amazing .
1	mushroom cheese steak great as usual .
1	there is a comfortable , relaxing area to read or watch tv .
1	nice and spicy , too .
0	the theme of this place is amazing but unfortunately their food is not that great.
0	stick with sandwiches and pizza .
1	when you are done shop and eat at the biltmore fashion park .
1	all in all , this place worked out fine .
0	i visited nc and thought this place was disgusting , i sure was right !
0	do n't bother doing the quick check in .
1	the luv-it special was awesome !
1	they are very accessible by phone , fax or email .
1	i am always a fan of good steak for affordable prices !
1	it is a family place and i feel very comfortable working out here .
1	great casual diner atmosphere .
1	the glasses selection is very good , and reasonably priced .
1	you just helped yourself to a buffet .
0	no recognition from staff that this is an issue .
0	i work nights , so i rush home to get some sleep in !
1	my favorite chinese restaurant in the valley .
0	disgusting and overpriced .
1	most important she loved the flowers .
1	nice hotel but next time we 'll stay closer to the spring training action .
1	all freshly made foods .
1	i got the nachos and torta and it was a reasonable price !
1	eat here !
0	and when i asked for a total , i was told $ _num_ .
1	it 's delicious people .
1	thanks again guys !
1	very friendly and awesome staff !
1	the food is so good , i have n't had one bad thing here .
0	i walked out without buying anything .
1	i recommend you try this .
0	_num_ wrong order given to us .
1	my wife even enjoyed this hotel .
1	but the garlic is my favorite !
1	it is generally the first place they want to eat when they come .
1	she does amazing color and cuts !
0	but since it was _num_ of them versus just me , it was hooters .
0	so that was the my request was to have that done .
0	do n't believe me , talk to bob the service manager at autonation .
1	i will say i am a fan of good pizza .
1	the food was fresh , healthy and delightfully affordable .
1	it is easy to get in and out of .
1	stunning dancers .
0	stay away from room _num_ .
1	the wings ( golden ) are really , really good .
1	fantastic touch !
1	best .
0	figured they could n't mess up creme brle ... .
0	the food was not very good .
1	they do great work , and their customer service was excellent .
1	i highly recommend asking for him .
1	also , great red skin potatoes .
0	no he did n't !
1	oh my gosh , heaven !
1	its pricier than most filipino fast food places but its still reasonable .
1	service was excellent , food was excellent , atmosphere was comfortable .
1	we were pleasantly surprised !
1	ranch is so good .
0	walked in the door right after _num_ with the boyfriend to grab some food .
1	the other entrees were very good .
1	the service was amazing !
1	there 's always good music , good times , and good people here .
0	i could n't find it under all the dressing .
0	i walked in and one of the girls stared at me .
0	i thought she was falling asleep .
1	bring a big appetite for here !
0	then this same situation happened to the table sitting next to us .
1	fast seating , good service .
0	i 'm about five minutes from the office so i decide to eat in .
1	top picks ; appetizer thai tuna roll sushi amazing !
0	the office staff is incompetent and rude !
0	i will never be going back .
0	i really like the salsa selections with the chips .
1	we 'll be back again and again !
0	and it 's really not .
0	again with the complete disregard to what i 'm saying .
1	this place is amazing !
0	the service was n't horrible , it was just slow .
1	recently redone bar adds a lot to the place !
0	what a terrible nail salon .
1	i was surprised to see the amount of fries that were in the small !
0	dumb policies , bad management .
0	i 'm not going to say anything negative .
1	very clean and nicely decorated .
0	avoid at all costs .
0	i stayed here late march .
0	i tried to ask a question before ordering and he brushed me aside .
1	the burrito was perfect and delicious .
1	seriously you should come here .
1	i 'm adding a star for the improvement in friendly service !
1	our anniversary was well had here !
0	i have been going to red rocks for _num_ years .
1	it was small and quaint , yet cozy and clean .
1	resturant is always clean and service is always good .
1	worth a return visit .
0	just do n't go in there .
0	turned around , drove back to the clubhouse and asked for a full refund .
1	service has always been good .
0	i do n't think their menu is limited though , it seemed fairly typical .
0	but as is it feels like a tourist trap .
0	then i repeated , `` a dozen , please '' .
1	service is excellent and i will be back for future visits !
0	i wasted _num_ hours of my day .
1	also outdoor dinning and breakfast .
0	this place is just not what it used to be .
1	hands down , far and away , the best deli in dane county !
1	well done , folks !
0	this place is garbage .
1	the food is the best !
0	this place is a nightmare .
1	i hear their pizza 's are excellent !
0	the _num_ day challenge is a joke .
1	very comfortable and well priced .
1	great food , great staff .
0	the crust was insanely chewy to the point of making your jaw hurt .
0	servers do n't listen when you order .
0	not crispy first off and barely any meat on the wing .
0	it 's your child , they deserve better .
0	there were few vegetables in this curry , and the beef was exceptionally tough .
0	after sitting there for over an hour , i was ready to leave .
0	the qdoba is sloppy .
0	it smelled badly like wet dog .
0	she gave my order to me and did n't even say a word .
0	the customer service was awful !
0	the linen closet has a big freakin heater tank in it .
1	broccoli , asparagus , etc .
0	it was chicken with black beans and rice and a lime sauce .
1	wow what a great experience !
1	so pretty .
1	friendly staff .
1	i definitely recommend this salon .
1	impressive place by any standard !
1	gentle and great eye for color .
0	food was never fresh .
0	why schedule appointments if you ca n't be ready to serve your patients ?
1	coffee is pretty good as well .
0	dale who was supposed to help me actually went out of town .
1	the bagels are really amazing and so is the service .
1	i have used different styles and aways love the results !
1	mint tea was so good .
0	_num_ per person not worth it .
0	so since then , we 've never been back and never will .
0	huge fail for this type of venue .
1	price was great too !
0	i really love chinese food but this place was absolutely horrible .
1	best and most authentic chow mein i have had .
0	i 'm usually not harsh on waiters , they have a hard job .
1	ko 's is a great sports bar .
0	soggy in the middle , too dry on the crust .
0	i could have saved a lot of money and time and done it myself .
1	we just went to the bar , and it was perfect .
0	we were disappointed in this hotel .
1	great fitness center in chandler !
0	cold and uncaring .
1	so impressed with this facility .
0	i had high hopes , was a little disappointed .
1	good food and a great vibe .
0	as a matter of fact it was all over the place .
0	for a broken tooth , and what i thought was a broken filling .
1	they 're very fresh and the store hours are great .
1	staff is always very helpful .
1	i highly recommend this location !
1	they have sandwiches , burgers , and more delicious offerings .
0	as i barely wear glasses ever , i declined .
1	she is great and funny and always gets things right .
1	ate here with my gf and our parents .
0	the mixed veggies that came with my meal tasted like reheated frozen veggies .
0	do n't waste your money !
0	apparently old cookies are standard here .
1	prompt and courteous service on top of great affordable work !
1	this is always our place .
1	i am very impressed as it takes a lot to impress me .
1	one of my favorite places to eat in phoenix .
1	it is usually always crowded , call ahead for take out !
1	she went to work and cut amazing layers that my hair so desperately needed .
1	if you dine in it 's great !
1	i really enjoy coming here .
1	the bartender was amazing !
1	they always feel comfortable here !
1	i usually order the fruit cake and it 's always fresh .
1	well maintained .
0	it does the job do n't get be wrong .
1	taste great .
0	wo n't be back .
1	this place has some good and very authentic <unk> food .
1	she is absolutely amazing at eyebrow waxing , and designs as well .
0	especially considering the french dip was so boring .
1	the servers are more than accommodating and friendly .
1	highly recommend !
0	please note i am also a stock holder !
1	go early and take advantage of free range balls .
1	a great meal in a casual atmosphere .
0	horrible experience here .
1	what a fantastic place !
1	favorite bbq ever !
1	service is great and the food you 'll crave all week !
1	i recommend office max .
1	the owners were really nice and the prices seemed good .
0	this is the worst place ever .
1	the quality is amazing , and price is even better .
1	my brother and gf got salads which they both really enjoyed .
0	completely rude to me , my mom , and my son .
1	thank you !
1	they are always so happy to see me .
1	i love this bar !
1	the food was delicious .
0	this location is definitely subpar !
1	the staff is very knowledgeable and helps in every matter .
0	drinks are expensive .
0	i even asked for salt and pepper and never got it .
0	he yelled at us the whole time - it was shocking and unbelievable .
0	what a shame , too , because it 's in such a nice area .
0	the chicken was just so , blah .
0	stopped here for the 1st ( & last ) time around 1:30 friday afternoon .
0	she then went to get our drinks .
1	definitely make this a stop if you enjoy and intimate atmosphere with rich food .
0	i waited _num_ hours for my one large pizza .
1	very knowledgeable and straight to the point .
1	food was good !
1	the staff is very friendly and the food is good .
1	love their ham and cheese sandwiches !
0	this place simply nasty .
0	went there for pickup and the waitress was extremely rude !
0	service is sooo bad !
1	it was outstanding .
0	workers rushed through my mani and pedi .
0	shrimp tacos were ok just on a basic bed of slaw for $ _num_ .
1	we really enjoy this place in the winter months .
1	these donuts are delicious and priced well .
0	pretty hard to mess up a side salad .
0	bummer , but not a deal breaker .
1	the combination of the two cheeses is something else , trust me !
0	the california roll has too much mayo .
1	we both enjoyed what we had and have enough left over for tomorrow .
1	go and enjoy good sushi here .
1	always a good time coming here , great customer service .
0	the restaurant itself was fairly nice but nothing that stood out .
0	they have horrible customer service .
0	i had the new york strip this round and it had zero flavor .
1	coffee is completely delicious !
1	i always seem to go in frustrated and leave happy .
0	such a terrible campus , not to mention the depressing vibe !
0	al pastor was n't on the menu which was disappointing .
1	great place to dine !
1	place was clean and comfortable .
1	one of my favorite restaurants in charlotte .
0	if i could give zero stars i would .
0	had the french dip ( _num_ dollars ) , which was pretty good .
1	it is amazing for happy hour .
0	it fails at best .
1	love this restaurant !
1	all the food was fresh , hot and tender .
0	you have my money and i 'm not giving you anymore .
1	love this place , every time i am in town .
1	craftsmanship and service still as good as the first two times .
1	she is a super start !
0	wifi worked part time and even when it worked it was slow .
0	disgusting !
1	hair , nails , facials ... they do it all and pretty cheap .
1	they have very good tasting burgers that are hot .
0	i had to point out that she missed my thumb on my right hand .
1	its the fact that you can take it to go .
1	our server ( david was his name ) was fantastic .
0	i checked my phone right there , no missed calls .
0	last medication i 'm getting filled so i can go somewhere else .
0	i do so for their consistent disappointment !
0	i wo n't be going back .
1	consistently good and the next best thing to a home cooked meal .
0	he did n't even report a loss light cap .
0	but it is very bland with no flavor at all !
0	greasy old restaurant carpeting dirty .
1	delivery was fast and hot !
1	i really like the bar .
0	she just told the cashier not to honor the sale price .
1	i love this place .
1	he has extended and increased the quality of their lives tremendously .
1	best pho in charlotte !
1	huge portions and flavorful food .
0	i have very thick hair and it is very hard to cut .
1	always a long wait but totally worth it .
0	very disappointed in the quality of the food .
1	it 's the best hawaiian food out there .
0	got home and all my food was wrong .
1	i got the original and it had a really good combination of filling .
1	great prices also !
0	both steaks were overcooked !
0	the only ingredient that was worth a darn was the sauce .
1	highly recommend !
0	called to check on an item , guy who answered the phone was rude .
1	the service at sun valley stereo is a cut above the rest .
0	but i just can not bring myself to do my normal grocery shopping here .
1	but the food is worth the wait .
0	she was totally inept .
0	were it possible to issue zero stars , i would .
1	best pita bread ever !
0	_num_ ) food quality is awful .
1	great pizza .
1	great for lunch !
1	exotic local produce dishes .
1	mexican pizza was delicious as was their rice and beans .
1	i love love love their hawaiian pizza .
0	aside for my plate taking _num_ minutes to get served , it was cold .
0	let crumbs in plain sight .
0	very bland !
0	they lost my luggage .
1	he was great !
1	highly recommended !
1	pricey but innovative !
1	i recently discovered this place a few months ago .
0	my finance advisor had me come back and sign my contract four times !
0	also the lights are so dim in there that its hard to see .
1	got the wings and shrimp .
0	ummm ... ok , second warning .
1	the beef enchiladas are moist and delicious .
1	the waffles are hands down the best i have had in the valley .
1	they have great patio seating on warmer days with great cocktails and appetizers .
1	super clean super fast and always yummy !
1	great selection of clothing for those of us who are more difficult to fit .
0	they tried running all the same test on her the va had just done .
1	best in vegas for european products .
0	poor form .
0	they have minimal selection and the prices are nothing to get excited about .
0	menu not big enough for me .
0	just overall horrible experience and will never go back !
1	did an even better job with <unk> and her new business enterprise .
0	probably not going to come back to this location .
1	i was actually quite impressed by this airport .
1	he was excellent !
0	he seemed annoyed half the time .
1	it was so delicious and bigger than other macaroons i have seen .
1	i usually order the turkey sub but their chicken salad sub is the best !
1	not the best area but nice clean and great service .
1	highly recommend and will be returning !
1	i know a few regulars and they absolutely love it .
1	i love this place .
1	i will definitely be returning to try more on the menu !
1	all in all , it 's a win win situation here .
1	the lunch menu had a lot of interesting items .
0	it was hard to open the package and the packaging was hot !
0	beer was cold .
0	they have really really tasteless burgers and everything is extremely greasy .
1	the range of classes offered is really amazing .
1	the best pancakes ever !
1	the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable .
0	if you have a coupon , do n't even think about it .
1	our salad course was delicious .
0	presentation was awful !
0	overcooked .
1	<unk> tells you straight what is really necessary & charges a very fair price .
1	the doughnut i had was tasty and the mocha cappuccino was amazing .
0	i tried , i really tried .
1	i love this family owned business .
1	they always cook the eggs perfectly , and their sausage is delicious !
1	it was well worth the wait , the food was amazing !
1	tasty steak and chicken burritos .
1	go catch a game or have dinner with the family .
0	waited _num_ hr for a beef sandwich .
1	the staff is amazingly friendly and always made my time here great .
1	they also have dinners to go that are amazing .
0	not a fan of anything here .
1	food is now entirely organic !
0	the cherry wood cabinets are just painted brown .
1	this place is awesome !
1	highly recommended and my food was cooked perfectly !
1	beautiful hotel right across the street from mine last week .
1	friendly staff .
1	very happy !
1	it 's really nice place , nice food , nice service and is cheap .
0	it is like i am a joke to them .
1	nice arcade in the lobby if you have kids or are into arcade games .
1	was able to work a great deal .
1	what a neat place to visit and experience !
1	great staff .
1	kathy is the best nail tech .
1	fried okra great .
1	and both times i enjoyed myself .
1	the service is quick and friendly .
1	matched with a red or white sangria , makes the perfect meal !
1	the portion size is amazing .
1	prices are quite reasonable .
0	terrible .
1	you get some great thai food with fresh ingredients for a great price .
1	i love you heroes .
1	once you go once , i guarantee you 'll go back !
0	at best , this place is a drinking hole .
1	the crowd is pretty all over the place .
1	had lunch there today , the service was fantastic , fast and accurate .
0	her response , i 'm waiting on biscuits .
1	great food !
0	would not use them .
0	one tire was reading _num_ lbs and the other at _num_ lbs !
1	their prices are almost always fantastic and the fruits & veggies are fresh .
1	good cooks & prices .
0	only was here _num_ night thank god .
1	if you want honest , friendly and excellent service , look no further .
0	not much privacy !
0	i had to correct her but it did n't bother her any .
0	even the pasta was bad .
1	this place is perfect for to-go orders and they even have a drive thru .
1	they are always super nice too .
0	how does an italian place run out of meatballs .
0	yes bar - no one under _num_ allowed .
1	the vegas special ( # _num_ ) is great .
1	love this place !
0	the sauce tasted canned and the ravioli were essentially tasteless .
0	pros .
0	macayos is not as good as i remembered .
1	the office people on the phone were very nice and very professional .
0	gross !
1	i 'm full .
1	delicious , finely crafted beer !
1	always have had good food here !
1	hickory hills treat my dogs so well .
0	terrible !
0	disappointed .
0	that day i researched my symptoms online .
0	then the main dishes ?
1	beef ribs were perfectly spicy and sweet .
1	the technician , manny , was great !
1	please go to ronald 's ( and bring cash ) !
1	the food here is great .
1	staff is very helpful .
0	i am definitely not going back there for grooming .
0	i was like this place looks like a `` hot mess . ''
0	both come and i try them with no success .
0	it 's an empty building .
0	walked in with my hungry , thirsty children .
0	were the steak tacos supposed to be purely made of steak fat ?
1	this one is still the best location though .
1	this is one of my go to spots in vegas !
1	highly highly recommend !
0	the food was awful .
0	the server never brought it to me .
1	go in and try them and please ask for kosher .
0	_num_ weeks latter i get a email requesting payment .
1	tops in customer service !
0	if i want a chain style sandwich i would opt for cheba hut .
1	nice pool hall with exceptional service .
1	my friend and employee loved it .
1	great for the kids , the relatives , even for a unique first date .
0	they have lost my business .
0	not dark brown , black .
1	i 'll definitely be coming back .
0	service was shitty and rushed and extremely overpriced !
0	i would not choose this place if you are on the fence .
0	spent $ _num_ and they gave me a big bag of trash !
0	i wo n't be back .
0	bad cheese , perhaps ?
0	ribs were cold , as was brisket .
1	we had _num_ people in our party and our server was great .
1	makes me want to find more clothes to bring them !
1	they offer very reasonable prices and great customer service .
0	and if you want them to set up your tv , forget it .
1	great inexpensive family style dining chinese food .
1	it was completed within _num_ minutes and looks amazing !
0	person taking phone order was rude .
1	the service has always been outstanding and the food is always delicious !
0	also being attentive and friendly gets more sales than being rude and indifferent .
1	price is certainly reasonable especially compared to portion size .
1	wonderful pastry selection .
0	my husband had a little better luck with his than i did .
1	cute little shop !
0	the company will not give us a refund .
1	i tried the cornbread and it was good , but not great .
1	all the ladies there speak perfect english and are very sweet .
1	i highly recommend using this ups store for your needs !
1	tofu is amazing .
0	getting to the register turns out it was $ _num_ dollars .
1	also the girls who work the drive-through window in the afternoon are really nice .
1	love postino !
1	their calzones are seriously twice as big as my head .
0	we have also emailed the store and ups claims department with no success .
1	the staff explain the dish really well .
0	they also do n't honor their own discounts .
1	love this place !
1	the finance department was also very friendly and helpful .
0	low and slow is the way to go boys .
1	always good service .
1	love this place and love the staff !
0	seems to me they are money hungry and really do n't even care .
1	thank you for all your help !
1	im always bringing everyone here !
1	he made recommendations we were happy with and kept checking on us .
1	that is like a slice of heaven for a pregnant woman .
0	usually a big fan but very disappointed in this location .
1	the salon is reasonably priced and the service is great !
0	what kind of restaurant doesnt have child seats ?
1	love !
1	we had a great time and highly recommend it !
1	great live music and the drinks prices are reasonable .
0	i went to this place with my husband and my _num_ yr old son .
0	anyway , i had some questions .
0	rude !
0	_num_ on your side so quick to judge companies and side with the consumer .
1	we really enjoyed the food , the atmosphere , and the service .
0	that 's the only reason why i 'm giving it a high rating .
0	i did n't even have it for _num_ hours .
0	maybe i ordered the wrong thing , but i was not satisfied .
1	a solid place to come to cool off the vegas heat .
1	the bakery and deli are the best parts !
0	avoid this place as possible .
1	bridal beginning was great every step of the way .
1	i got a delicious noodle dish that i 'm now craving again .
1	well .
0	the sushi is good but the service was extremely disappointing .
0	i do n't believe the bartender had any idea how to mix a margarita .
1	their wings are really good as well !
0	they just filled my mouth full of holes .
1	try the pizza and beer special , it 's great !
1	the food was on point and the service was just as good .
0	shredded beef taco and cheese enchilada lunch combo .
1	excellent .
1	on the other hand , the staff is outstanding .
1	jr is super nice and very helpful .
1	try the habanero wings .
1	he was extraordinary in his knowledge and hospitality skills .
1	great lunch spot .
1	it can get pricey but it is worth every penny .
0	service was awful .
1	hot and sour soup is one of the best .
1	my favorite pizza joint in the east valley !
0	despite the big portion , i do n't really like the tastes .
0	the rice and chow mein was old than all the chefs there .
1	will be using them again for sure !
1	i would highly recommend this place !
0	very disappointing experience .
1	i had some delicious red curry and he had the delicious green .
1	everyone is so nice .
1	nice sunday afternoon meal with friends .
1	tender , seasoned well , yummy .
1	the customer service that i received was great !
1	my favorite place in madison .
0	salad was not good .
0	i have been around really good food too long .
1	loved the chicken pita and my coworker loved her grilled chicken sandwich .
0	worst service i 've ever had .
1	the ambience is amazing .
0	the taste has declined and i was so incredibly disappointed .
0	very american style sushi , not what i was expecting .
1	wonderful practice , everyone here is so polite .
1	they also have a great app with the chicken satay .
1	by far my favorite spot in pittsburgh .
1	both massages were the best massages i 've ever had !
1	the food was very good .
0	spend a little more money and stay somewhere else .
0	i think she meant cook , i ca n't believe they have a chef .
1	so 10/10 on service !
1	sangria was great too .
1	the food is amazing !
1	beautiful shop !
1	i 'm very happy to give them a strong recommendation !
1	this place is amazing !
1	i 'm very pleased , and i will keep coming back .
1	it 's hardly phenomenal but it 's a good option for brunch .
0	the beer specials used to be good but now you get plastic cups .
0	this is no longer my spot .
1	always relaxed and can watch the game and talk with friends .
1	& especially during the lunch hour !
1	their sushi is pretty good as well as any thing they coat with tempura .
1	to their credit , when everything came out , it tasted great .
0	crowd was dull .
1	but it 's more interesting than it sounds !
1	i was greeted fast with a smiling face .
1	this place is great .
1	great job annette !
1	mmmmm the food was so good !
1	ahhh genius .
0	the fortune cookies were stale ( or something .
1	best spot in henderson for breakfast and lunch .
1	really good bagels and awesome eggs breakfast sandwich !
1	love the pho and vermicelli noodles here !
0	it was a disappointing morning to start the day .
1	this woman is amazing !
0	i was told my warranty expired in _num_ by _num_ employees at this location .
0	they are trained to sign you up for tests that total approximately $ _num_ .
1	nice place .
0	these people are incompetent .
1	always something new to see , and explore .
1	great car selection and quality service from sales .
0	but that 's really all i would recommend .
0	walmart employees are in no hurry .
0	the food did not taste good at all .
1	i 've always considered their meals to be very consistent , which is key .
1	i 've been back many times and will continue to do so .
1	one of my favorite places in the whole city .
1	they have my loyalty !
1	this place is great .
0	but , it is what it is so do not forget your key !
0	still have not returned my cc deposit $ _num_ after _num_ days !
1	the service is always great .
0	wrong !
0	now really , how hard is it to screw that order up ?
1	this place is awesome .
0	it was dry and had little flavor .
1	seriously , i 'd recommend sun without hesitation .
1	great guy , incredibly quick service with care and attention .
1	so we tried it out , and it was delicious .
1	i thought this restaurant was pretty good .
1	bartender was cool and the patrons seemed fun and lax .
1	great food .
1	i love the jewelry .
1	we also had turkish coffee ... it blew my mind .
0	you been warned .
1	this may be my new favorite sushi joint in vegas !
1	the flavors in the food are always dressed to my liking .
1	very helpful with all of my questions .
1	reliable .
0	we 've eaten here several times in the past with no problems !
1	the best meal i have had in charlotte !
1	the redo of the theatre is great ... absolutely love the new look !
0	has been a nightmare for my wife .
1	my husband and i love this place .
0	zero stars .
1	i love everything on their menu !
1	i cant wait to eat here again .
0	atmosphere is cluttered and tables are too close together for any privacy .
0	we did n't have enough time for our app .
1	all of the girls that work here are very pretty .
1	we ordered several small plates , and the food was incredible !
0	too much fat , grease , and sugar ... .
0	the service sucked as my server <unk> to refill my soda just once .
1	the $ _num_ deal on mondays is a great deal !
0	no candles on any of the tables .
0	out the door , $ _num_ for repairs .
1	great place , donuts made fresh everyday .
0	the nut job lady in the morning needs to be on meds .
1	food is satisfying .
0	the meatballs were lukewarm inside .
1	the place is very welcoming , love the chicago theme .
0	i once again stated why did you seat us then .
1	i definitely recommend red rock dental .
1	the staff is pretty nice and clean restrooms .
1	they are very fast and easy amazing customer service .
1	it was smooth and creamy and the whipped cream was lightly whipped just perfectly .
1	everyone loved their orders , their homemade biscuits were amazing .
0	all of a sudden our helpful salesman did n't return our calls or text .
0	_num_ pretty stupid expensive .
0	i looked for a server for ten minutes before one came .
1	they have fish bowls drinks that can be share with your gf .
1	overall a very good and satisfying experience .
0	$ _num_ each ?
0	poor poor quality carpet .
0	but tonight we had to go and pay close attention to everything .
1	what a great bar right off of the light rail .
1	i will come back with my family again .
1	one of my favorites for a nice , slow , date .
0	terrible service .
1	excellent old school vegas style steakhouse .
1	the best cookie bakery anywhere !
1	the food was outstanding and very filling .
1	of course the staff is always friendly .
0	meat was mediocre .
1	as always , a good place to find the perfect book !
1	everyone at this office is absolutely wonderful !
0	this is the worst company in phoenix .
1	i love this one .
0	the worst customer service ever !
1	love this place !
0	staff is incompetent and rude .
0	they also threatened not to give her car back .
1	they have authentic mexican products and sell fresh , warm hatch chilis !
1	it 's definitely worth a try !
1	for me , it 's the otb !
0	_num_ bucks for fill is little stiff .
0	but this last time , i did send my main course back .
1	service was great , food was good , milkshakes were very very good !
1	the food is delicious .
0	the second time again _num_ pieces still had small stains on them .
1	excellent quick service too .
1	such a charming and quaint interior with very <unk> costs for food .
1	everyone loved theirs .
0	no big deal .
1	good pizza .
1	i would highly recommend them !
0	i 'm _num_ hours from the airport and they could n't care less .
0	the comforter , we were told , could be ready in one day .
1	i go here frequently and they have excellent service .
0	i ordered a taco salad with chicken and absolutely no onions !
0	such a disappointment .
1	every time we came , we have received good services and fair pricing .
1	thumbs up .
1	the broth is very <unk> and so good .
1	great place !
1	but still really solid in technique and flavor .
1	sales & coupons are always a bonus !
1	south park mall is great .
0	also my food showed up and was wrong .
1	this is my new favorite place for chinese food .
1	damn tasty !
1	good variety of foods and drinks !
0	he closed the box and handed it back to me .
0	lost my appetite .
0	just awful !
1	loved playing here .
0	not `` ready '' .
0	horrible pizza / horrible service .
1	rest of the menu looked really tasty too !
1	absolutely delicious and my favorite place in town .
1	it was all s good .
1	i love this place .
0	very disappointed !
1	i personally award them best pizza of ahwatukee .
1	i thought it was delicious compared to last time i was here !
0	cappuccino was good size but mediocre .
1	the food also was delicious .
0	tech told me the battery was bad .
0	i ca n't believe i 'm giving polish deli two stars .
1	i love the varied and different meals and dishes you can buy there .
1	spicy chicken is the best .
0	they scheduled is appointment at 7:30 am .
0	not to mention , the owner is a complete bitch !
0	edit : hi rick , i appreciate your desire for a resolution .
1	very knowledgable !
1	their coffee is sooo good !
1	we need one is northern , ca !
1	great variety of packages with lower prices than industry norm .
1	one of the most unusual dining experiences of my life -- and fantastic !
1	homemade fresh pasta !
0	i would n't do any business with them that required future delivery .
1	this place is amazing for their lunch buffet !
0	the bathroom clearly had not been cleaned .
0	i had n't realized before that you could dry out such an oily fish .
1	the staff was really friendly .
0	general manager is super rude .
1	food is incredible !
1	the food was amazing as always .
1	the tint looks amazing and they got it done in about an hour !
0	it was okay , but `` meh , i 've experienced better . ''
1	first time visit and i really really liked it and so did frosty !
0	kinda smells moldy .
1	she is always kind and asks if i need anything from her .
1	royal taj is a gem , and its good for big groups too !
1	service was great .
1	she is the bomb.com and she can beat a face like no other .
0	waited _num_ minutes on line then another _num_ for my food .
0	i want to select zero stars but this app wo n't let me .
1	this is one of those old fashioned diners that does it right !
1	the installers arrived on time and performed with experience and skill .
1	also had the cuban sandwich once and it was outstanding .
1	we were very satisfied with our vehicle and experience all throughout the trip .
1	just had the pecan pancakes .
1	as usual i love to order their sirloin steak .
1	really good place to eat , try it if you ever get a chance .
1	it is awesome .
1	very friendly location with a nice touch of solid customer service .
1	i feel like they are honest and are willing to answer all my questions .
1	they were honest and trustworthy in the handling of the repairs .
0	so no explanation as we just sat there and continue to wait .
0	simply just avoid .
1	yet , this place does a good job for $ _num_ .
1	the customer service was thoughtful & efficient .
1	squirrel hill classic !
0	it 's always slow when we go , but that was just insane .
0	by the end of the night , we were running out of this place .
0	avoid this place !
1	of all of my birthday parties , this one wins hands-down .
0	there were no chunks of potato or clams .
0	very disappointing birthday dinner for my son .
1	i highly recommend this family business .
0	she should 've just fixed her mistake .
0	now , after all that , the pizza was very ... ordinary .
1	love me some hot bagels !
0	and it seems like it was swimming in soy sauce !
0	got anchovies with chicken and mushroom .
1	you 'll be pleasantly surprised !
1	i was more than pleased .
0	but they sure as heck are n't getting extra stars for that .
0	we used to really like their lasagna and pizza .
1	had a great time on valentines weekend .
0	i get my ticket and he tells me to go down to door _num_ .
0	horrible horrible place !
1	just good mexican food , salsa is excellent !
0	my experience was horrible .
1	everything in here looks delicious .
0	bill was $ _num_ , which i thought was fair .
0	_num_ minutes for chinese food seemed a bit excessive for a to go order .
1	so give them a try and you will have a new favorite pizza joint .
0	the airport location does not answer their phone .
1	this is definitely a place i would go back to .
0	by far the worst hotel i have been to on the strip .
1	they also have delicious cold brew iced teas every day .
1	we hope they keep their success and grow !
1	plenty of room , super nice clean accommodations .
0	pretty lame , super expensive , unimpressive food , poor service .
0	ugh .
1	great friendly service with a nice selection and drive thru .
1	service is generally quick and friendly .
0	husband went about a year ago .
1	i thoroughly _num_ % recommend rebecca 's professionalism and skill .
1	my hair is pretty <unk> .
0	went to thai house on a thursday around 8pm .
1	my parents both enjoyed the coffee .
1	good place to go even if it 's just for nostalgia .
0	my bill went from $ _num_ to now $ _num_ .
0	it 's a ripoff !
1	this is my new favorite las vegas eatery .
1	best pie in charlotte for my taste buds !
0	that would have been rude .
0	only bright side , chinese food delivery was fast .
0	this place is a shame .
0	i went in here to check out the facility .
1	the village green restaurant was great .
1	as well as some presents that are just plain beautiful .
1	great beer !
0	the food however was a desperate cry for help .
1	this deep dish pizza is great .
0	not a good quality for a grain .
1	the rest tasted and smelled fresh and well cared for .
1	as usual , sheraton pillows are amongst the best .
1	go there multiple times a week and the staff is always friendly and helpful .
0	if you want a good experience do not stay here !
1	definitely folks that know how to serve !
1	love this place !
1	the crunch roll and spicy salmon roll were very filling .
1	absolutely love this place !
1	the staff were incredible and very helpful .
1	food was great and the scotch and cigar atmosphere is as well .
0	ive been to better consignment places .
1	the service is , as most places with delicious food , not incredible .
0	unfortunately the main course was nothing special and quite a tiny portion .
1	fresh ingredients , good service , well worth it .
0	they were not , as the restaurant said , spicy at all .
1	good food , fast .
1	we had fun and will definitely return .
0	i ordered miso soup and my friends ordered the octopus salad to start .
0	bartenders are supposed to be nice , for god 's sake .
0	my daughters appointment was at 10am .
1	i love this place .
1	we enjoyed the bread pudding for desert .
0	bananas are dirt cheap .
1	owners are great people .
1	will recommend them for sure .
1	this is my new favorite spot to eat when i am in pittsburgh .
0	however once i stepped out of the reception area , i was instantly uncomfortable .
0	this alone i would have given _num_ stars .
1	great service .
1	my most recent experience was outstanding .
0	i consider the wait for the doctor to be normal .
0	needless to say if you 're looking for good mexican food .
1	the wine list , while not extensive is of good quality .
1	plenty of places to eat but this airport is massive !
0	but take my advice , avoid the hotel !
1	this place is amazing the bread is so fresh .
0	it is not up to marriott standards .
1	good place for school books .
1	i would recommend them to anybody and will be back !
1	thank god !
0	next i tried the ribs .
0	i really hate coming here .
0	because , without a doubt , he tried to do that with me .
0	prices went up and portions went down .
1	best breakfast place in madison .
1	we have at least another meals worth of leftovers .
1	the food is fantastic .
0	we ordered _num_ appetizers as a main course .
0	went with a group of about _num_ - _num_ people on a thursday night .
0	she was n't having it .
0	maybe this qualified for one star .
1	she is one of the best !
0	i 've never been treated so terribly .
1	my fave is actually the italian sausage - the peppers and onions rock !
1	oh , and the best part ... my hair cut is great every time !
1	all in all , great place and i will continue to go back .
1	omelette house , i salute you .
0	it was just all around bland .
1	this <unk> has really friendly staff .
0	our entrees were completely bland .
1	one of my favorite coffee places in pittsburgh .
0	while everything is relatively clean , it completely lacks character .
1	the food is tasty .
0	not to mention my horchata was disgusting .
1	it definitely sets the standard !
1	my favorite pizza in pittsburgh .
1	it is clean and i always know what we are getting .
0	so by this time , i am livid .
1	i love this place and have eaten her more times than i can count .
1	definitely one of the best places in charlotte .
0	end result : fail .
0	i would n't recommend this place to anyone .
0	so we ate elsewhere .
0	calling to get an issue figured out ?
1	the owner is so friendly and good with managing his customers .
0	it was disgusting .
0	not even worth a star .
0	the ribs were barely room temperature .
1	the staff is always friendly and efficient .
0	mediocre tacos , mediocre service .
1	highly recommend !
1	hit up the salsa bar for some extra flavor !
1	my favorite place to go to for incredible italian food .
1	the gyro meat was nice and crispy , while the flavors balanced quite nicely .
0	the food has been very below this company 's standards .
1	these guys are extremely thorough .
1	my happy place , and one of the best parts of phoenix .
1	i got there black iced coffee which was so <unk> good .
1	they were all so nice and explained every process .
1	each dish was superb .
1	good times !
1	they all said the food was good as well .
0	my big complaint comes from the piss poor job of a wash i received .
0	place was not busy kinda dead .
0	the last _num_ times i 've eaten here the prime rib was still cold .
0	i immediately called hertz saying i did not agree to any upgrade .
0	ordered prime rib and after it twice came cold they attempted to charge me .
0	the words `` thanks , i 'm just looking '' meant nothing to him .
1	staff is really friendly .
1	it may be a relatively small zoo but it is very nice .
1	very honest business !
0	hate to do it but the service here is an absolute nightmare .
0	a little confused as i thought they closed at 10pm .
1	it was well worth the wait .
0	the event i had to wear the dress for was that sunday !
0	got a few arrangement from them but they are not very consistent .
1	his staff are also excellent .
0	they are very cheap with their meats .
0	the sauce flavor was a little off to me too .
1	thank you guys you are absolute professionals .
0	just spent $ _num_ for cold wings and two beers .
1	the food was eclectic and very well prepared .
0	so i walked out .
1	they 've earned their _num_ stars ( of _num_ ) .
0	shame on these people .
0	the disease spread to other pepper plants that i purchased from elsewhere .
1	we tried the ribs , brisket and pork , all of which were great .
1	always good to stop by for food or booze .
0	they seem to think they are better than everyone else .
1	love the customer service here .
1	everything on their menu is delicious !
1	i usually get the # _num_ , which is a basic pho .
0	they just schedule and schedule .
1	every time i go here , it 's been great !
1	they have great specials and their chefs do an amazing job !
1	super delicious and authentic thai food .
0	all in all , i will not be back .
1	cookie dough egg rolls are amazing .
0	overall , i would save yourself and not live here .
1	if you like spider roll you will love it .
0	terrible .
0	his poor assistant did everything herself .
0	horrible service .
1	i love morning glory for sunday brunch !
0	rooms are disgusting .
1	great company !
1	this spot so lives up to it 's reputation !
1	the selection was great and the prices are reasonable .
1	we went there for drinks on weekend and the place had a good crowd .
1	dale was personable knowledgeable and honest .
0	mix that with there nasty whip cream it was disgusting .
1	everyone at this office is so friendly .
1	my favorite sushi happy hour in town !
0	drove all the way downtown so my girlfriends daughter could get a few donuts .
0	i 'm honestly really confused about it .
1	the food was good and the service was outstanding .
0	way friendlier there and better service .
1	the bread , sandwich , pizza , donuts , and desserts are amazing .
0	wouldnt you think they would have an attendant check on the bathroom on occasion .
0	he was so unpleasant ( borderline angry ) and he ruined our dining experience .
0	bad decision on my part .
0	took way too long to get my drink refills .
1	definitely my favorite in pittsburgh .
1	: ) the office also called several times to check up on everything .
1	delicious and fresh food at a reasonable price .
1	just got back from having breakfast with the girls !
0	the wait time killed the whole experience .
1	my delicate palette was satisfied .
1	pretty nicely decorated with lots of tables and booths .
1	amazing .
0	unbelievably bad experience .
1	one word : consistent .
0	i left _num_ messages with people and _num_ messages on their machine .
0	this is false .
0	this location seems to always be low in stock of most things .
1	what a great experience .
1	really good food !
0	luna used to be my favorite restaurant when it was on campus .
0	another tsa agent directed me where to go .
1	side note : please , please , please bring the devil 's ale back !
0	the calamari appetizer : it was that mushy soggy type .
0	this place is less than average in my book .
0	the worst pizza i have had .
0	the food was n't horrible but it was just bland and boring .
0	stayed at many places up and down the las vegas strip .
1	i love that they have expanded with a bar too .
1	first time in , it 's a drive bar !
1	i brought my mother here for mother 's day .
1	everything about this place was clean and professional .
0	can everyone in this establishment just get on the same page ?
1	and because of that we will return again and again .
1	dr johnson was extremely wonderful and the staff was super friendly and welcoming !
1	delicious !
1	also they have a very good gluten free pizza much better than most !
1	i will definitely return .
1	the thai fried rice is really good too !
0	salad # _num_ came out with no onions .
0	and by the way , no one here says thank you !
1	the staff is amazingly charming and friendly .
1	everything was fantastic and so much food i couldnt finish it .
1	the store is big and lots of cute things and wine !
1	amazing !
0	i ate here last spring and ordered the chicken fajitas .
0	worst customer service ever .
1	i would highly recommend this restaurant .
1	his name way ryan m and he was amazing .
1	nice folks !
0	when i read through the menu , nothing really sounded too appetizing to me .
0	it is so sad for the hyatt brand .
1	food is excellent and the staff is great !
1	best place for a wedding !
1	service is awesome .
1	i saw sandwiches and salads that looked amazing !
1	friendly service .
1	keep up the excellent work !
1	family owned and it shows in the service .
0	had to wait at least _num_ minutes both times .
0	i can see why this location was rated so low .
1	both are excellent !
1	can you believe it ?
0	the owner is very very rude to his customers .
0	the sesame chicken was so sour that no one wanted to eat it .
0	the gentleman obviously did not understand , so the attendant called security .
1	fresh and huge !
1	they are even very dog friendly .
1	_num_ excellent flights this month !
1	this is one of my favorite places to eat and drink in pittsburgh .
0	my interior is n't even wiped down .
1	juicy , lots of meat on the bone and cooked to perfection .
0	they think you from another county you do n't know nothing .
1	good , fresh made food , that is not to pricey .
1	the seating is a little close , but i still loved it .
1	ridiculously good barbecue .
1	good , not great .
1	great experience and wonderful flavor .
0	i called the services department for an estimate service time for an oil change .
1	we have come here for years , really do like this place .
0	i have been a fed ex customer for over _num_ years .
0	he said , `` sorry , that 's just the way it is . ''
0	the desserts were old looking as well .
1	and the king club is a great small venue .
1	we also enjoyed the queso guacamole combo for $ _num_ .
0	this is my hotel room ?
0	probably not their fault so i did want to give them another try .
1	always feel well cared for when i 've had to utilize this facility .
0	thank god we walked out when we did !
1	but on second glance , you realize the work of art is a masterpiece .
1	the loco moco is one of the best !
1	nice furniture store other to choose from .
0	the bruce company is very , very expensive .
1	truly unique stopping point .
1	trust me , you 'll love it here .
0	they reported that nothing was wrong and i could be on my way .
1	my personal favorite is their pad thai .
0	macy 's stores have an issue with being terribly under staffed .
0	gross !
0	worst place for a sunday brunch !
0	_num_ . )
1	one of my favorite sandwich shops !
0	it was a rather confusing sandwich , shall i say ?
0	then finally had to use valet just to wait another hour .
1	a great place for a date .
0	i 'm too annoyed right now to make any funny comments .
1	practically perfect in every way .
1	this is a real bagel place .
0	you 're better off staying at a roach motel by <unk> st. then here .
1	i have been here multiple times and the service is always exceptional .
0	walked in and waited ten minutes past our pick up time .
1	great pizza .
1	matt , was great with refills , and keeping the table clean .
1	we both ordered the sweet tea .
0	rude dr. money hungry .
1	just the right amount of food and tasty .
1	great for groups .
0	i would probably give it _num_ stars if i could .
1	great service .
0	one bite of the sandwich and i was done .
0	i did n't check in so i have never waited in line at tsa .
1	not too crowded ... nice and clean .
1	that said , iron post is comfortable and convenient .
1	friendly staff and lots of stuff in a small place .
1	great thai restaurant .
0	it really made me wonder if they ever think about fire codes .
1	if you can get in on a guest pass , this place is great .
1	the service was excellent as usual .
0	_num_ minutes roll by .
0	this place was no where near busy .
1	also the front desk service is always attentive and super nice .
1	very honest and fair shop .
1	service has been quite good - a number of repairs and <unk> maintenance .
1	amazing on time work , service and advice .
1	small quaint place , clean and nice .
0	beyond tired of waiting .
1	i highly recommend this place .
0	how is coconut shrimp not a safe bet ?
1	awesome experience , brenda took her time and did a great job .
0	by the way , $ _num_ entry fee .
0	bad service seriously makes everything else so much worse .
1	they have great lunch specials and their prices are very reasonable .
1	( a really good sign ) .
1	the owners are good , fair people .
1	he was very friendly and made sure that i knew what was happening .
1	this place is a perfect location for the north side residents !
1	awesome wings !
1	fun neighborhood bar with good food !
0	i hate to review based off a short visit .
1	right before that , i went to jared 's .
1	thanks michael !
0	she stated it was our fault for not telling her it was separate checks .
0	would rather go to breakfast club .
1	trustworthy and reliable .
1	the location is clean and has plenty of comfortable seating .
0	sorry i 've never gave a review like this but they deserve it .
1	the burgers are delicious here !
1	but tonight i got something different .
1	simple .
1	packed !
1	top notch customer service and delicious authentic mexican food .
1	easy to get around and well laid out .
1	the lady in the store was great too !
0	terrible customer service .
1	great company - they are affordable , friendly , and do a great job !
1	always the same food , but it 's tasty .
1	two thumbs up .
0	freaking karaoke host really ?
1	favorite restaurant of all times .
1	best .
0	since then , they have incorrectly processed each of my additional mortgage payments .
1	marilyn is the best in the industry !
0	the absolute worst power company in the us .
1	my hair stylist was lindsey and she was amazing !
1	the red salsa is my favorite .
0	the grounds and getting around was very confusing .
0	we had to have them turn the fireplace off as it was too hot .
1	great service .
1	this place is well set up and inviting .
1	john is amazing .
1	i came here to have my wisdom teeth removed .
0	there was also a lemon flavored one as well as a tiramisu version .
0	bad service all around !
1	great place to get out and let loose !
1	it 's relatively clean and the bathrooms nearby are super clean too .
1	amazing food and service !
1	really beautiful spot .
1	bottom line , you know it 's good since its filled with asian people .
0	dropped off my friends sliders and fries asked if she needed anything .
1	thanks jacob !
1	they happily made me some fresh fries and chatted with me while i waited !
1	it is a good restaurant .
1	pretty good .
1	it has become my favorite place for eastern nc style bbq .
1	everything i ordered was delicious from start to finish .
1	this place is truly a hidden gem .
0	the first cup of tea just tasted old .
0	tonight was the last visit we will make to this location .
0	the person answering the phone was n't to friendly and i almost hung up .
1	best selection of cheeses and wines and the tv dinners are also awesome .
1	amazing !
1	i would recommend based on this first appointment .
0	no sign or anything explaining that .
1	this is the perfect time of year to sit on the patio !
1	enjoy .
1	great pottery , docents and views make this museum a lovely place .
1	the food here is impeccable and the ambiance is very nice .
0	sketchy .
1	love , love , love this place .
1	this place is amazing !
0	my girlfriend had two eggs , potatoes , and a biscuit .
1	he brings them home every time he goes .
1	the yogurt is delicious and they offer a wide variety of flavors and toppings .
0	when i received my bill it was $ _num_ .
1	sometimes it is really good and other times it is `` meh '' .
1	loved it !
1	installed new timer as well .
0	then he let me know that i was n't really that committed .
1	fantastic customer service at the windows .
1	sauteed chicken breast was excellent .
0	i only gave _num_ star because i could n't give _num_ .
1	gina is awesome .
1	the service was quick and her car looked as good as new !
1	always great service , and good food .
1	the food was great .
1	he put us into a full sized suv and sent us on our way .
1	my favorite affordable sushi place in the city .
0	_num_ weeks later and nothing has been done .
1	i asked a local for a recommendation and he said the rib tips .
1	lori is so awesome !
1	i happened upon this place by chance and what a find !
1	good value !
1	the employees are always super friendly too !
1	interesting spot .
0	i gave it a shot anyway and the bites only got worse !
0	i have witnessed him being rude and condescending to other customers too .
1	service was excellent .
1	i have lived here for a month and so far i love it !
0	decided to check this bakery out this past weekend and was less than impressed .
1	it 's the best enchilada sauce in town .
1	if you 're in the area , i highly recommend stopping in .
0	the signs to get back on the _num_ are n't very clear either .
1	amazing .
1	will definitely return .
0	instead , i paid $ _num_ after tip for my mani/pedi .
0	the owner here is just down right ugly .
0	terrible service and terrible food !
1	i always get extra basil and cilantro !
1	this location is a very good example for what a starbucks should be .
1	great desserts .
0	will not be finding out .
0	i feel like i 'm in line for a bad carnival ride !
0	dr wilson did n't say he was sorry once nor did anybody else .
1	great portions - great food - great prices !
1	salad , salad and more salad !
1	this is a great lunchtime destination .
1	the service is fast and nice .
0	shitty self rated hotel online .
1	this place was great .
0	really does n't matter .
1	prices are good too .
1	they have the best reuben sandwich around town .
1	great staff , great customer service , great hair cuts !
0	i would n't give them even _num_ star .
0	she immediately asked why did n't you come to us .
1	it was an honest mistake on the kitchen 's part .
1	great store .
0	by far the worst bagel shop in town .
0	no tests offered , nothing .
1	definitely worth stopping by !
1	these guy provide an excellent customer service experience !
0	so not a fun experience with the facial .
0	i would n't recommend them to anyone .
1	i took them to puff & fluff , they did an amazing job !
1	great staff and cool location .
0	i would swear they all have not been cleaned since then .
0	the fries were horrible .
0	the service is absolute shit .
0	nothing like the picture in the menu .
0	went straight to security and barely made my flight .
0	another customer ahead of me inquired about the french fries .
0	do n't waste your money .
0	we 've only ordered from them twice , both times our order was wrong .
1	recommend for weddings and trips around the pittsburgh area .
0	the bartender working seemed annoyed by our presence .
0	it is older , dingy looking & parking is a challenge .
0	the manager was as clueless as the waiter .
1	probably my new favorite spot !
1	highly recommend !
0	now remember this is not a buffet .
0	i live my life on fruits .
0	so completely overpriced for just your standard mexican fare .
0	later she was at a table drinking wine .
1	it is a beautiful place and the menu has very good selections .
1	consistently good food , especially the dry rub ribs .
1	got our sign made for our custom suit store in gilbert .
1	this is a nice small mall .
0	not as good as it was back in the day .
0	tacky decor .
1	the best bar in town .
0	my whole party 's luggage fell out of the back of the bus .
0	the service was quick and cheap , $ _num_ while i waited .
1	it 's quite a drive from our house , but worth every minute !
1	try the teriyaki chicken - amazing !
0	the mozzarella sticks were cold .
0	i do n't see the attraction .
1	perfect place !
1	the owner and people working are very friendly and helpful .
0	our waitress was slow as hell .
0	_num_ free washes so we can get sub-par service again ?
1	she is so good at her job !
0	i asked what it said and the driver could n't read it either .
1	the service is fantastic .
0	the food was horrible .
1	sounds quality is excellent and can be loud !
0	thumbs down !
1	so good .
0	tsa here is horrible .
1	my favorite one to shop at .
1	lovely .
0	will not use again .
1	they have amazing sandwiches and salads .
0	this food is just crap .
1	great service , good food , nice patio .
1	very roomy and comfy .
0	it 's very inconvenient to have to make additional trips .
0	my lettuce was drowning in the vinegar .
1	the food is super good .
0	miss amy placed me on hold .
1	they were extremely nice , quiet and efficient !
0	tonight was our second and likely final visit to organ stop .
1	highly recommend it .
0	the place is small , cramped , dark , and dirty .
1	there was a good inch of ham in that pita .
1	they were all amazing .
1	it took them awhile to make them , but well worth the wait .
0	if they needed to replace the rotors , it would be another $ _num_ .
0	they were ready in under _num_ minutes !
1	the fried calamari is tender and delicious .
1	it 's so good that i do n't want to try anything else .
1	plus , the prices are very reasonable !
0	two trips ago they badly damaged our luggage .
1	good ice tea .
0	food was cold and chewy and i had ordered crispy thin crust .
1	pretty good selection of free weights and machines .
0	i 'm still disgusted .
1	i love this place !
1	love you double door !
1	clean , animals all seem happy and well taken care of .
0	between ordering and after eating no one had refilled the coffee .
0	this motel probably just renovated their rooms .
1	i will recommend this place to everyone .
1	great for the kids too as it is only _num_ minutes long .
1	out-of-town guests loved it !
1	the service was amazing .
0	terrible in that my overpriced grilled cheese had _num_ small pieces of cheese .
0	do n't bother .
1	service is great also .
0	i arrived and the lobby should have been my first sign .
1	this is a really nice place !
0	unacceptable !
1	their prices are very reasonable !
0	update : they also screwed up my prescription .
1	absolutely the very best place in the valley to eat !
1	the drinks and bagels are yummy .
1	food and price was great !
0	we were seated and then waited _num_ minutes to even be greeted .
0	due to 3-4 hours of service i split it into two days .
1	staff is all very nice .
1	highly recommend and i would eat here again !
0	worst health care facility i have ever been to .
0	i used an app to order delivery from this place .
1	they went above and beyond the call of duty !
1	the chicken alfredo is amazing !
1	he explains things well , and is always nice and personable .
0	the staff was always rude ( both on the phone or in person ) .
1	one of my favorite stores .
1	dan , with ultimate air , is the best .
1	the wine selection , as you 'd expect , is very good .
1	the staff was pleasant for the most part .
1	we will definitely go back to this location !
0	i feel like i wasted my money .
1	i would highly recommend this place !
1	also , they had so much nail art it was ridiculous !
1	the staff here has always been very good .
0	but hey , no server to complain to so i guess all is good .
1	omg she is amazing and deserves a raise !
0	i probably wo n't return .
1	they are gentle , thorough , caring and honest .
1	love these guys .
0	we we finally got our drinks they tasted horrible .
1	otherwise , the food was excellent and fast .
0	i wo n't be staying here again .
1	i made a good decision purchasing here they are taking good care of me .
0	_num_ minutes to an hour for a table , after _num_ at night .
0	they are all getting worse .
0	additionally , i was asked if i wanted extended coverage on the vehicle .
1	it 's amazing .
1	wow !
0	and we had to wait for the tv to boot up again .
1	nonetheless , the service was great and the walk around the gardens was inspiring .
1	this is my favorite store on the planet .
1	customer service is decent , but the food makes up for it .
1	service has been excellent every time .
0	rude customer service .
0	if i could give this store negative stars i gladly would .
1	so refreshing !
0	our client got a turkey sandwich .
1	one of the best , if not the best sushi in east valley .
1	all were excellent .
0	not just in vegas , but ever ... anywhere .
1	legit beer selection , delicious reuben !
1	you can always find a decent slice of pizza here .
0	on our way to the restaurant , the fare was $ _num_ !
1	best sushi and other japanese cuisine in the valley .
0	bus boy was better than the wait staff .
1	great pricing for the quality and over food experience .
1	the dessert was outstanding .
1	well done ! ''
1	<unk> pork chops with mushroom soup best flavor ever .
1	i would definitely recommend for a fast lunch spot !
1	ask for lori - best server ever !
1	such a sweet lady and was fun to talk to !
1	good food , super friendly staff , and all day breakfast .
0	i felt so bad , i offered him my pancakes and some bacon .
0	never , never , never again !
1	it is n't fancy but the food is excellent and the people are friendly .
0	we ate here on july _num_ , _num_ .
1	i will now always come here !
0	when our waiter came over we ordered two beers .
1	great business lunch spot !
1	the crab cake is just great !
0	the paint and wallpaper were peeling off .
0	if i could give this place lower than one star i would !
1	really good ... the pita was stuffed with flavorful meat , nice and moist .
1	always a pleasant experience here !
1	very much like eating at mom 's house .
0	not sure what was going on , off night , bad cooks .
1	great food !
1	great italian deli .
1	this place is the best !
0	then we go to blood being drawn , and possibly changing up meds .
1	but the food ... and yeah , it 's real mexican .
1	the tailor here was very nice and helpful - she really knows her stuff .
0	when it came time to pay the bill , i gave her cash .
1	in each case , everybody from the company was warm , friendly and helpful .
1	everyone said hello and hopped into conversation .
0	food was medium at best , the service was terrible .
1	the employees are friendly and helpful .
0	awful service and i completely regret bringing my vehicle here .
1	ray brings life to the the small restaurant .
1	we were here twice in one day because the first time was so good .
1	it was a really tasty hot dog .
0	i was not liking that too much .
0	this is not one of them .
1	great service !
0	to date that has not happened .
1	highly recommend !
0	i believe this is called poor customer service .
0	security here is always a negative experience .
1	our food came out quickly and everything tasted delicious .
0	i did not find this funny at all !
1	pricing is on par with others in the area .
0	i didnt try the food but if i ever go back i surely will .
0	bad customer service .
0	tonight was horrible !
0	a small portion of the clientele here may or may not be homeless .
0	so i leave and go to the fashion square gucci store and buy one .
0	after _num_ minutes , he did return to take our order .
1	cheap drinks , inexpensive food that is pretty good .
0	he completely lacked a personality and social skills .
1	the food court has a lot of choices .
1	delicious cookies and easy to place an order on line !
1	their food is always consistent , quick and good .
1	i 'm a happy guys so far .
0	only received half of my order .
0	the first time i was hung up on .
0	overall , we will probably go back but will try other things .
1	employees adam and hannah take a genuine interest in customer satisfaction .
1	best pizza hands down !
1	awesome margaritas !
1	excellent service !
0	but at this point i have already signed the paperwork .
0	lots of it , though i guess that accounts for the high price .
0	at that point i would 've just taken a plain biscuit !
0	typical diner that serves bad food at okay prices .
1	great place to go if you are hang over !
1	professional , thorough and a great sense of humor .
1	i 'm a huge eggs benedict fan and this was very good .
1	this was our second time dining at this place and we highly recommend it .
1	nice people working there and always an interesting crowd .
0	it was good but overcooked by two levels .
0	the meat had little flavor and was dry .
0	we posted immediately on their facebook page and no reply .
1	my friends are always <unk> of my food on those trips .
0	i will not be back .
1	cleanliness above all was top notch !
1	i 'm one island girl knows my seafood !
1	thank you .
1	fish was really good but those hush puppies are the star .
0	service here on a saturday night was atrocious .
0	not worth the stress and waste of time , take a cab .
1	good food .
0	went on tuesday and got food poisoning later that night .
1	the staff will typically have very good answers to any questions you may have .
1	this was an unexpected and pleasant discovery that i made recently .
0	yeah not so well .
1	i love this place !
0	old chicago is far too expensive of a restaurant to serve bland food .
0	this place is horrible .
1	perfectly fried , very tasty and fresh .
0	if i could give this place less than _num_ star i would .
1	i highly recommend this vet hospital .
1	the costumer service was excellent and the food was pretty good and good price !
0	that alone makes me want to stay away .
1	small wonder ... she 's an artist with the oven .
0	had an apple desert where they fire roasted the apple .
1	nice staff , decent prices , good little salad bar .
0	so , tonight we ordered two linguini and meatballs to go .
1	this place is amazing .
0	* the window is a standard size .
0	just get out of my cab . ''
0	the place smells , must be the carpet , but it stinks .
0	overall vibe of the place sucked .
1	every soup that i have tried here has been fantastic .
0	the drivers are rude and the cars are dirty .
1	the chicken was moist and juicy .
0	he was so nasty to me and i was nothing but nice and patient .
1	pleasure to dine there .
1	still it 's a great pizza .
1	great night ... i 'll be back .
1	i 've been going there for years and i will be going back soon .
1	i like this location , it is clean and the staff is friendly .
1	great ending to a good ride .
1	very nice !
1	every donuts in the shop is amazing .
1	this place is awesome .
1	they had a good beer list and the food was delicious .
1	it is awesome .
1	the <unk> department has all the brands and great salespeople .
1	all my guests were more than impressed with the beautiful linens .
0	there is not heat in winter in building .
1	worth a look if you are in the area .
0	the long waits where always enjoyable .
0	seriously disappointing .
1	it was really good !
0	this apartment has been an nightmare .
0	worst service possible .
1	the people are wonderful as well .
0	never coming back and no one should come here either .
1	delicious food .
0	trust me , there are tons of better apartments out there so keep looking .
0	it is very loud and somewhat cramped in the restaurant .
1	they fixed it while i waited .
1	they made being here on an overnight layover enjoyable and comfortable .
0	service was mediocre at best !
0	food is ok but the service is a thumb down .
0	food was the worst bbq ever , horrible , ribs were rare ?
0	i ordered chicken pad thai and wanted to replace the shrimp with veggies .
0	they did n't refund me instead to make me a new one !
1	awesome food !
0	there were n't many choices at the bar .
1	sandy is awesome .
1	had a good time .
0	he ends his buffet with a big <unk> of desserts .
1	if you are looking for something besides pizza they also offer salads and pasta .
1	they have a decent selection of food for a small cafe .
1	great place to stop in for a drink .
1	great service , great value and great people .
0	shame .
1	: ) this place is absolutely worth stopping for if you are ever nearby .
1	lovely cheerful and down to earth lady .
0	not much else to say .
0	it 's expensive too , so not worth it .
1	i will be back !
1	the irish benedict is amazing .
1	this is a great place to take out of town guests to .
1	amazing location .
0	in my opinion , the is a prime example of a bad shadyside bar .
0	the mashed potatoes were even worse .
0	they eventually settled on me paying the price difference for the right one .
1	it 's banner , so ... yeah .
0	i usually get a copy of the form , and did n't this time .
1	classy hotel ... very professional staff ... .
0	the other one was even worse .
1	beautiful office .
0	i could n't believe how horrible of a store it was .
0	they refused .
1	the organic yellow grits are out of this world good .
1	the burgers and chili are great .
0	if i could give _num_ stars i would .
1	i was surprised at the food , which was good .
0	so the service was n't any better than the food .
1	tasty .
0	bland food .
0	this place needs a real renovation to deserve those room charges .
0	the owners here are extremely friendly i just wish the machines would be fixed !
0	the front _num_ was okay but the back _num_ was just weird .
0	this place is not at all what i expected it to be .
1	worth every penny and every minute .
0	i had to wash my hands just from opening the bag .
1	service is great too ... try it out during happy hour its worth it !
1	clean and nice inside .
0	at this point the older lady made a comment under her breath .
1	i loved their seabass .
1	one of my top three choices in the phoenix area .
0	i just completed a _num_ night stay at your hotel .
1	the best salon i have ever been to !
1	she is professional , courteous and organized !
1	we ordered a cake for our recent wedding in madison .
1	most importantly they take very good care of your pet .
0	very rude service was in line for ten mins .
1	this bar is amazing .
0	no one came to inspect the car with us , which is frustrating .
1	very friendly and very talented .
1	the service here is very quick and so is the take out !
0	do not go to this location .
1	the food came out nice & hot and was also very good !
1	the staff were great .
1	refried beans were excellent , and the carne asada chimichanga was fantastic .
0	when it came , i was again disappointed with the menu 's description .
0	to non smokers there is n't a difference , they both stink !
1	everyone at the office was nice and pleasant .
1	i will definitely be back .
1	great beers .
0	if my simple needs can not be met , then i become very disappointed .
1	the meal was also really good .
1	they always had good music playing in it too .
1	worth the wait !
0	why do i repeatedly torture myself for mediocre food ?
0	ugh .
1	what i really like are the chips and salsa .
0	anyway , i would n't go if i was you !
0	the only thing worth a cent is the mac and cheese .
1	dr. bruce schwartz is the top of all dentists in the valley .
0	i could n't finish my chili relleno plate .
0	the manager also asked what was wrong with the food .
0	the service here was so bad i 'll never go back .
0	very unprofessional and very rude !
0	the meat is very hard .
1	food is high-quality , delicious ... especially the roasted artichoke !
1	this place is a gem .
1	quick efficient service !
1	once again , its awesome !
1	i would highly recommend this place to anyone who needs to mail anything .
1	i love this safeway store .
1	this place is the best nail salon i 've ever been too .
1	love cracker barrel !
1	love pino 's !
0	i did not want to complain since my daughter treated me to lunch .
0	they do n't even have happy hour or any drink specials .
1	great place !
1	i 've eaten here and to go and both were great .
1	always quick to get in , friendly staff , and beds are always clean .
1	great atmosphere and nice staff a must try !
0	something that was supposed to be a treat for me turned into a headache .
1	see pam the bartender at the sports book .
0	first of all , it is in a sketchy part of charlotte .
0	choose another company unless you do n't mind being yelled at .
1	lots of suggestions on the best cheesecake to try !
1	the salad bar area is pretty clean .
0	i do not trust the mechanics to touch my car again .
1	the tiramisu was the best i have had .
1	love , love , love this place .
0	needless to say , very disappointing , not worth the hefty price tag .
0	no one in my house would even eat it .
0	disappointed .
0	everything is fairly cheap when compared to the other hotels .
1	our service was on top of everything and friendly .
1	great service .
0	i considered it and i went back and selected a _num_ foot couch .
1	i love very specific items from trader joes .
1	love their salsa and the menu food is always fantastic .
0	i had a meeting within an hour and was quite frustrated .
1	i love it .
0	long unnecessary waits sometimes !
0	if i can give this place negative stars i would .
0	my boyfriend and i were so sick last night and today .
1	thanks !
1	i found this place on best of vegas .
0	the second set they brought out to her were not much better .
1	but a tourist or regular is comfortable in jeans and a nice shirt .
0	they really know how lower standards .
1	i am a fan , and the service was really great .
0	missing sides that i had ordered but was charged for .
0	the service was just ok.
0	it is so unhealthy and gross !
1	easy and friendly .
0	i will not be back .
0	my boyfriend went here for an allergy test .
1	it makes me happy .
0	when we walked in we were seated promptly in a nice section .
0	firstly , this is a very small office .
0	it was n't horrible , it was not good .
1	i love this place !
1	the service was fast and friendly .
0	only myself and one other customer were there .
0	the food and service were nothing to write home about .
1	staff is very polite too !
0	slow .
1	great staff and clean dining area .
1	got ta go for the lemon grilled shrimp tacos !
0	some garbage ( black jerk .
1	food is outstanding !
1	thank you for saving my trip !
0	leave me alone and just let me work out .
1	it was pretty funny .
1	these bags were amazing , and so is donna the owner !
0	they 've gone way downhill and its no wonder they 're all closing down .
0	i went in to get my rear brakes replaced for $ _num_ .
1	their upholstery contractor was excellent and timely .
0	everytime i go here i say to myself , last time .
1	i love it , mixed crowd and it 's a fun time .
1	love this place .
0	do n't use their service if you do n't have to .
1	we just moved here and have had very pleasant experienced at the car wash .
1	good chinese at an affordable price .
0	very limited color selection .
1	food is authentic .
1	delicious !
1	this place is authentic and consistent .
0	the worst place to rent a limo .
0	( <unk> # _num_ ) the sugar scrub was decent .
0	orange chicken was bland too .
0	the sauce was pretty generic and tasted like cheap stuff from a jar .
0	they have contacted hh several times but gone ignored by hh .
0	not overly impressed .
0	this is some extremely terrible chinese food .
0	the grits were cold .
1	this place is one of the best hidden gem in china town .
1	i would definitely recommend to anyone with a broken phone .
0	there were no $ _num_ <unk> tables .
1	we love it and order often .
0	i was shocked and really worried about my son getting sick .
0	i think crash , burn and die . ''
0	cheap , average diner food .
1	friendly service , and the kids were satisfied with their food .
0	neither is their food .
1	endless shrimp is a great choice .
0	the mirror was taken to the back and wrapped by a stock associate .
0	del taco sucks big ones .
1	tacos , other stuff , its good , its fresh and its pretty cheap .
1	he personality was welcoming and genuine !
0	when everything is off , its time to go elsewhere .
1	it is one of the <unk> , and biggest airports in the world .
1	i highly recommend that friends consider staying here when visiting the scottsdale area .
0	would n't last _num_ minutes in ny .
1	excellent service every time .
0	so i left and the next day they had a car for me .
1	i was extremely impressed with how professional he was .
0	only reason i would .
1	<unk> .
1	the leg and foot massage was lovely .
1	_num_ percent authentic .
1	i 'm definitely booking with her again !
0	not worth the money .
1	extremely fresh , melt in your mouth , sushi .
0	really , really , really , bad ... gross and dirty .
0	the food could n't get any more white , bland and tasteless .
0	are they low on cheese ?
1	they were happy i chose enterprise .
1	sally was very nice and the cost was reasonable .
1	really cute , unique <unk> .
0	sesame chicken was soggy with all the breading falling off of it .
1	great food and very friendly service .
1	absolutely delicious food , great service , and gorgeous scenery .
0	umm , no .
0	the italian herb fries were bland and soggy .
1	they recently remodeled inside and made the viewing area much nicer .
1	stop by and enjoy a good cut of steak .
0	not have me wait _num_ hours when i have places to be .
1	car was clean and operated to my expectations .
0	it was just all bad !
1	it 's an adventure .
1	except that i love it !
1	and that pomegranate margarita was great .
0	would n't recommend this place .
0	well that does n't help me get back to work on time .
1	keeps my car in great condition .
1	i 'm doing much better and it has to do with him .
1	good place to get a quality cup of joe .
1	ajo al 's , whether in scottsdale or arrowhead , always an amazing meal .
1	the wings are some of the best in town .
1	excellent employees and very friendly .
1	the room was beautiful as well as the grounds .
0	also , do n't get the tortilla soup .
1	love this place even though it looks ghetto on the outside and inside ha .
1	the results are absolutely amazing .
0	pork and the rest of the meal tasted sour .
0	the fries were good and the burger was as i ordered .
1	i have been there three times and had great experiences each time !
0	about _num_ minutes later , i noticed her place a bag on the counter .
0	it 's not like these fajitas were cheap either .
0	this place sucks .
1	honest and well <unk> .
0	after the train ride , we went to the saloon for lunch .
0	i left my purchases there along with another customer .
1	fun atmosphere , and good service .
1	this place was awesome and gives plenty of food .
0	went to return it , and did n't want cash , just store credit .
0	so needless to say we did n't ask for a single sample .
1	i am a couple years post surgery and all is great .
1	highly recommend and will definitely return .
1	orange chicken and hot sour soup are delicious !
1	excellent service at the pharmacy .
1	got a reuben with some chili .
0	well i guess the customer service is still really bad .
0	i do n't know why this place has such rave reviews !
1	great pho !
0	i 'm not sure how i feel about this gym .
1	but its nice to take a glance on the way to powder my nose !
1	love it !
0	but it seems like recently , everything at mama 's is over seasoned .
1	the best !
0	so disappointed .
1	and kelly did an amazing job !
0	so , we play some shuffle board .
0	i find it totally ridiculous .
0	disappointed to say the least !
0	sad to say we were sorely disappointed !
0	the bulbs are n't hot , and the customer service was poor .
1	the walk around the garden and it was a very nice garden .
1	the drinks were great , the food was good .
0	this place does n't deserve even _num_ star .
0	i lost it and started laughing .
0	i could see the other waitresses and waiters being friendly to customers as well .
1	great place to walk around and look for good deals on random items .
0	bottom line , the food was tasteless and terrible .
1	the food was great , the staff was very accommodating and friendly .
1	food is good , nice and hot and also surprisingly somewhat fresh .
1	free water is provided , and the car was clean and in good shape .
0	and they get burnt faster too .
1	got an amazing facial here .
1	i picked up a few books , but i 'll definitely be back .
1	this is a great place to bring visitors from out of town .
0	it better yet , just do n't patronize this establishment .
1	totally old vegas atmosphere , love it !
1	and so yummy !
0	the massage was terrible , basically rubbed in some lotion .
1	friendly service .
1	such an amazing experience - especially for my first time seeing a ballet !
0	worst cake i ever had .
0	i will not be paying $ _num_ to get fit on a bike .
1	so happy .
1	i have taken a few suits here and have had great service every time .
0	but the customer service is by far the worst i have ever experienced .
0	the meal was a filet and chicken breast with roasted potatoes .
1	had a great meal !
0	i was totally wrong !
1	i get the perfect massage each visit !
0	already upset by the poor first impression i walked out before i was seated .
0	this place reeks of cigarettes .
0	service was pretty slow considering how empty it was .
1	very moist and delicious .
1	dr. carr is the best dentist in arizona .
1	love this place .
1	great !
1	great little italian place in a random strip mall on warner .
0	the couple did n't argue , just left .
1	i love this place !
0	but we were put in booth without a view .
1	the pastas at this location are some of the best i 've ever had .
1	service is always prompt and friendly - great place for lunch and dinner .
1	they are really nice people , too .
0	for this , i rate them a _num_ star .
1	highly recommended .
1	we enjoy eating at this mexican restaurant a couple of times a month .
1	great experience overall .
0	the acoustics in the new space are awful .
0	checked the end cap - none .
0	the whole experience was ruined .
1	check it out !
1	love this place .
1	the pretzel shop is a pittsburgh classic .
0	horrible .
1	this place <unk> in great deli style sandwiches .
0	the food server said nothing to us and gave us an icy stare .
0	i arrive _num_ min later and they say check in does n't matter .
1	staff is always friendly and makes you feel at home .
0	the owners are not very nice if you tell them something is wrong .
1	food and service- very very clean and nicest people ever .
1	great customer service !
0	the chicken was n't well trimmed , and the pasta was nothing special .
0	another down side to this place was their portions .
1	plus they carry <unk> island craft beers !
0	chicken quesadillas were nothing more than mediocre .
0	ridiculous .
0	the total was just under $ _num_ without tip .
1	they are so nice and the turnaround time is fast .
1	very good !
1	they are amazing .
1	other than that , we have enjoyed our meals .
1	thank you for making my boyfriends cake so perfect for his special day !
1	a fantastic spot for breakfast !
1	incredibly fresh ingredients , super friendly staff .
1	cool little dive bar .
0	went to drive thru , smh .
1	the wait staff was outstanding - attentive without being intrusive .
1	this along with the top grade visitors ' cafeteria earns umc a 5-star rating .
1	otherwise a perfect meal .
1	my favorite part was the atmosphere .
1	divey with great food .
1	i never had even a good experience at the dentist until now .
1	greatly priced !
1	nice to know these guys are around .
1	fantastic broth every time !
1	it 's bound to be a good time .
0	nasty bar with awful service !
0	they wanted to charge late fee and fee to take payment over the phone .
1	i just love these people !
1	it is important to allow staff the time to provide thorough care .
1	this salon is great !
1	her pedicures are simply lovely & she also does my brows for me !
0	this new management is the worst thing to happen to this place .
1	nice little place , great decor and the food was awesome !
1	this place is great !
0	for some reason the fried pickles do n't even taste as good .
0	i arrived on time paid then was quoted an additional _num_ mins .
1	the rooms look newly renovated and very clean .
1	highly recommend .
1	i drove away feeling safe and satisfied with the service i received .
0	so why just a `` _num_ star '' rating ?
1	the home made pizza was delicious .
1	what a nice man who seemed to be genuinely concerned .
1	rich but awesome .
1	this may be an older target , but it is my favorite .
0	the second guy only tried to sale me additional work .
0	no flavor .
0	they were understaffed and check in desk was slow .
1	very knowledgable and extremely friendly .
1	this is the best italian food in phoenix .
0	but they did n't , and i wo n't be back .
1	probably the best wings i 've ever had .
1	i came here with a friend this summer .
0	clearly there are zero expectations for customer service here .
1	his staff is amazing and i always look forward to my visits .
0	the bar tender was soooo rude .
1	great service and took no time at all !
1	price is good for quality you get !
0	well , i was going to try this establishment .
1	the owner is so friendly .
0	after tasting a lukewarm soup , we noticed there were no wontons !
1	the food here is excellent .
0	i really want to give them _num_ .
1	which helps patients to understand the true scoop .
0	good pet owners do n't take their dogs to this vet !
1	the sirloin i had with shrimp and scallops was excellent .
1	the pizza was amazing !
1	my husband and i just love that place !
0	the potato salad was so watered down it poured like soup .
1	my friend brought me here one night a few years ago .
0	not worth the value .
0	i 'm only giving one star because i ca n't give zero .
0	horrible customer service .
1	everybody was friendly !
0	when i told them that , they just lied and said they did .
1	the service is as great as the food !
1	great local bar with good beer and strong drinks .
0	the guy here - louis - was rude and racist .
1	i love their meat lovers scramble .
0	this is my pet <unk> .
1	okay , i am half korean and i love this place .
1	the cashiers were super friendly and happy .
1	got a quote for a _num_ bucks .
0	for all the hype , was very disappointed with the experience .
1	thank you !
0	oh and the sushi was not fresh and tasted gross .
0	i visited this place on a friday .
1	great food and attentive servers !
0	the wait staff was just okay .
0	booking an appointment is a nightmare .
1	keep up the great work !
0	maybe the lady was new and it was just a one bad case .
1	the food is great and the atmosphere is wonderful .
1	thanks yelp for the suggestion .
0	this is a noisy place as other reviews have mentioned .
0	its pitiful this place is allowed to rent to people because its just shady .
1	the best margherita i have ever had !
1	great food & an interesting little joint .
0	we did not realize that it was a problem .
0	got our order wrong and told us we we 're wrong .
0	contacted the resort , manager was not interested in discussing .
1	we were so happy we got the nurses gifts .
1	i am more than happy to help with this project .
1	clt is my favorite major airport in the us .
1	potato cakes were also good .
0	they said they would , each time , and never did .
1	it has fabulous tropical themed rooms !
0	i even got sick once ( about a month ago ) !
0	had lunch with my _num_ year old on friday , april _num_ .
1	really liked the atmosphere .
1	all but one of us got the mid day package .
1	literally best place .
0	huge , old , smelly and rude finance people ( jessica ) .
1	great place for hanging out during the week .
1	food- good !
1	the food , service , and atmosphere were excellent .
0	walked in and waited a couple mins .
0	the views , outside , were fantastic .
1	i think the best way to describe the food is good old fashion american .
0	bread is awful .
0	oh how the mighty have fallen .
1	great sandwiches at an awesome price !
1	i heart yummy sushi !
0	it was like eating bits of dried and flavorless cardboard .
0	my other complaint is how long it takes to be seen .
0	very , disappointed !
0	my appetizer was cajun shrimp , which was way over seasoned .
1	i had the bacon feta blue cheese burger and it was terrific .
1	this cvs is especially interesting because they cater to the surrounding community .
0	not enough cheese and overcooked .
1	fair well old friend .
1	for what it is it 's great .
0	absolutely nothing to do for kids under _num_ .
1	great breakfast menu , nice staff and great food !
1	hands down the best breakfast burritos in town !
1	i always receive compliments on my nails ... .
1	they handled my vet aggressive cat amazingly .
0	impersonal and sometimes difficult to get the waiters ' attention .
1	thanks denny 's !
0	either way , strike _num_ of many .
1	they even had my fiance 's favorite - penguins !
1	my favorite italian in the city !
0	e-mail support is even worse .
1	it 's one of my favorite locations .
0	the chicken did n't even get grilled on the hot skillet !
1	i am also a big fan of the forest mushroom soup !
1	the a la carte taco 's were generous on the meat and flavor .
0	why should i have to tell you what meds my dog is on ?
0	the sauce is tasteless , and just that , canned tomato sauce .
1	creamed spinach here is super .
0	_num_ minutes later and nothing .
1	the lox was fresh and high quality .
0	breakfast was not worth the time or money ( free ) .
1	love !
0	i 've been able to wear them for less than _num_ months .
1	awesome work !
1	staff members went above and beyond to keep us full an accommodated .
1	they fix your order pretty fast as well .
1	the staff was friendly and helpful .
1	wow !
1	my daughter was having trouble in school , but her vision is good .
0	hate the atmosphere , so dark during the day .
1	so simple and delicious with just lime and hot sauce .
1	i highly recommend .
0	the price chart say that children under _num_ are $ _num_ .
0	horrible , horrible , horrible !
1	the showers are is totally equipped with everything every lady needs .
1	very , very good .
1	he is an awesome doctor and knows what he 's doing .
0	the food was not impressive nor was the service .
0	my first visit i tried the tenderloin carpaccio and the seared ahi tuna .
1	best wings and pizza .
0	ordered at the counter instead and spent _num_ minutes waiting for the food .
1	veggies are fresh and crisp , nice flavors , etc .
0	customer service was n't particularly good .
0	they scheduled me for 6:00 pickup .
1	i will definitely will be back !
0	the neighborhood is awful .
1	they do have hooked deals from time to time which is a nice touch .
1	the fresh tuna that my boyfriend eats is always fresh .
0	i will not come back to this location .
0	i did n't like that one bit .
1	delicious !
1	best doctor ever !
1	omelette was good too .
1	delicious !
0	worst experience i have ever had !
0	manager was standing around .
1	such great food i found !
0	assorted vegetables & tofu in yellow curry .
1	i really enjoyed ajo al 's .
0	and then when you come to your table they 're really rude .
0	they gave me a $ _num_ coupon as an apology .
1	i was n't disappointed ... this is the real thing and is pretty good .
1	this place is just simply amazing for food .
0	unfortunately , the steaks were not good .
0	so i choose shredded beef instead .
1	thanks guys .
1	he always makes my boys laugh .
1	check it out !
1	love this place !
0	these are probably the worst outlets i have ever been to .
1	i 've been eating here since i first moved to the area in _num_ .
0	they charge about $ _num_ for a drink with no free refills .
0	it was `` too late '' for good bread , i guess .
1	all steaks are great !
1	both were very good !
0	really ... scallops and coleslaw ?
1	pizza was delicious , but pricy !
1	the pancakes are delicious and the bacon is thick and flavorful .
0	mediocre food .
1	and that 's really the way to do it .
1	also , did i mention the sushi chef is the best ?
0	the chicken dish she ordered tasted pretty bad .
0	sam woo was our second stop .
1	thanks for the great food .
0	no employees were even in sight .
1	this store has unique pieces and i always walk out with something in hand .
0	thirty minutes from walking in the front door , we did not have food .
1	great food , great service .
1	highly recommend them !
1	the staff is super friendly and helpful .
1	love love love !
1	such fabulous service !
0	i was shocked , i really was .
0	too bad .
1	you should be so proud .
0	unfortunately after all this time still not forgotten .
0	so , husband went in person and applied for himself .
1	adequate food vendors with a variety of choices .
0	interior cleaner , but not well vacuumed .
0	i even scheduled an appointment and i still had to wait .
1	i highly recommend this business .
1	even with that , i still give them top marks .
1	the place is clean , the ladies there are so nice .
0	the first shuttle driver was the only saving grace here .
1	sooooo good !
0	food is horrible , and the service is even worse .
1	they took us right away and the lady was so good with her .
1	cool atmosphere and friendly staff , what more could you ask for ?
1	looks great !
0	the food aside , the piss poor customer service was criminal !
0	when i was approached by an employee today , i politely declined the service .
1	it 's pretty good pizza .
1	great place to have a girls day of pampering !
1	food is good as well .
0	they do not follow up on lab work results or process referrals timely .
0	place was dingy inside , not very clean .
0	the wine : _num_ inches served in a huge glass .
0	_num_ ) service is n't too good either .
1	the bartenders were very laid back and friendly .
0	if you must eat here , the tandoori chicken is n't bad .
0	never had any problems at the other locations .
1	quite inexpensive and very friendly .
0	now they ca n't get me in for another month !
0	i told them when i needed it by , and they said no problem .
1	i have such a fine time here whenever visiting good ol ' pittsburgh .
1	bob did an excellent job putting up wallpaper in our home .
0	service : there is none .
1	my dog katie loves going to doggie day care here !
1	the drivers have been nice and helpful with my luggage .
1	thank you , larry .
1	it 's hip trendy and fun .
1	love it !
1	that is good management .
1	very nice service , fresh food and everything came out in a timely manner .
1	the place was clean and the service staff professional .
1	this place was excellent .
0	the japanese owner and the manager both tried to say it wasnt their fault .
1	superior and friendly staff !
1	great place great staff !
1	we each had the lasagna , and loved every bite .
1	everyone 's so hospitable very friendly .
1	their pizza , it is perfect .
1	both our items were very good and filling .
1	joe and diamond worked on my hands and feet and they look fresh .
1	so far , so good !
1	flawless service and friendly staff !
1	the workers are very nice and attentive , and the food selection is good !
0	i contacted someone saturday night !
1	i got ta go back before i can give an accurate picture .
0	the chips were very salty and the salsa is bland and uninspired .
1	i got it spicy and it was most def really spicy !
1	this is the best nail salon hands down !
1	customer service is exceptional .
1	the specials are also worth trying .
1	the staff at this location is really nice and pretty quick too .
1	lots of flavored and toppings to go with it !
0	she just asked what sauce i want .
0	our entrees tasted like they 'd been sitting under a heat lamp all day .
0	worst home depot i 've ever been to .
1	lots of fresh bagels , nice employees , clean store .
1	highly recommended .
1	absolutely the best service in the metro area .
1	this was by far an amazing experience !
1	warm , fresh bread with awesome herb butter .
1	in a church setting .
1	one of my favorite mexican places .
0	my <unk> are peeling so they look horrible .
1	the staff is so nice and professional .
0	the cashier was very rude about the lack of sandwiches in the first place .
1	very responsive and quick to schedule .
1	he called the glass place right there and gave me a great quote !
1	absolutely delicious , simple home cooking with pride in the end result .
1	i also really appreciated the staff 's willingness to provide assistance .
0	got my money but not my order .
1	came here the other night for dinner with friends .
0	anyone that enjoys mcdonalds knows there is nothing worse than old fries .
1	our seriously handsome waiter steve was well informed and very attentive .
0	they are shady and their only goal is to rip people off .
1	accommodating and professional .
0	2nd note : stopped by today , july _num_ .
0	while the wait staff was sufficient , the cooks were not .
1	the ingredients always taste so fresh .
1	great place .
1	i have loved legends since it first opened .
0	for those of u that take your uniforms there you have been warned .
1	wonderful selection !
1	i really appreciated their honesty and their help with finding another place .
1	a vegas gem !
0	as far as fatburger , thumbs down .
1	it 's a great place for a casual lunch .
1	everything was great .
1	the important part though is , their coffee !
0	i grab them , and ask where my candy is .
1	they 've taken great care to create a modern , clean and welcoming ambiance .
0	there were bugs in the bathroom and a strong smell of dust and mold .
1	it is awesome !
0	my food left much to be desired .
1	thank you for being so nice and helpful and going above and beyond !
0	food was delicious but we have never had such horrible service !
1	their portions are great , especially for the price .
1	my wife and i were here for a friend 's 40th birthday party .
1	i highly recommend her !
0	do not see this doctor .
1	the process was extremely smooth .
0	you will not be satisfied as an owner .
1	the best we 've eaten .
1	absolutely delicious .
1	anthony , the owner , knows his regulars by name .
0	the wife 's food was a disaster to say the least .
1	nice store .
0	horrible customer service !
0	the holes were the highlight - everything tasted stale .
1	this is not a fancy , trendy place , but they do good work .
0	food was mediocre !
1	another great appointment !
0	the sister casino , fiesta henderson ?
1	very friendly with great customer service .
0	hour and _num_ mins later i call to confirm .
1	and the service is fabulous , everyone was so pleasant .
1	very clean .
1	nobody has really done that .
1	food was delicious !
1	they have a decent amount though .
1	great food !
0	there are other bad experiences , but i 'll end there .
0	new management sucks .
1	i have to say , these fish tacos are mighty good .
1	great work and customer service !
0	because of the route it was $ _num_ + $ _num_ fee .
0	my feet were literally on trash and food the whole time .
1	the staff were amazing .
1	min did my mani/pedi and did a great job .
1	the main lobby was very nice !
1	the meats were perfectly seasoned !
1	macaroni and cheese is wonderful .
0	and the steaks were overcooked as well !
1	we got our soup and salad right away and the pizza was delicious .
1	outstanding food .
0	i called _num_ minutes before appointment but was on hold for almost _num_ minutes .
0	i would n't recommend this company .
1	pleasantly surprised !
1	i 've had their mozzarella sticks which are massive but good .
0	do n't come here , they just want your money .
1	legit , delicious food .
0	associates not very nice .
1	this is a good place to really be in phoenix .
0	not helpful at all .
1	they treat everybody equally , even a gringo like me !
0	tried politely talking to her and she ignored me too .
0	so not appealing !
0	plus their mechanics stole my dr pepper from my trunk !
1	she was very sweet and for $ _num_ i will be returning to her .
0	will not be returning .
1	finally , a massage place that gives great massages with a great experience .
0	the tortellini was n't much better than from a frozen meal .
1	thanks for coming through !
0	the beef was undercooked and tasteless .
0	leasing office : staff is rude and next to useless .
1	a very good place to go for dimsum .
1	fast , fresh and hot .
0	wo n't be back .
0	cleanliness is not their first priority .
1	she loves the the burrito enchilada style with green sauce and rice and beans .
0	bad idea .
0	also , with the size , there is never a wait .
0	horrible .
0	they are worth nothing , so you get nothing .
1	best of both worlds of meat pizza 's .
1	i love this location !
0	i can tell the owners do n't give a hoot .
1	awesome !
1	this place is great !
0	the beans were al dente - hard .
1	so , this place is great !
1	we highly recommend this restaurant .
0	photos of their food online are nothing compared to the real thing .
1	nice servers .
0	this place sucks .
1	all the meat they use is fresh and quality .
0	my advice , avoid this place period .
0	the waitress did offer to get the fried rice .
1	the food was authentic and delicious .
1	comfort food vegas style .
0	so not a great selection .
1	nice selection of cold cuts , loved the jerky .
1	also good won ton soup .
0	if i did n't have lifetime oil changes i probably would n't come back .
1	ok , the iced coffee taste like water !
0	the prices was way too high .
1	thank you guys !
0	for the money , taco bell is way better .
1	they did a great job fixing my car and finished on time !
0	my first interaction was with a telephone call .
1	beautiful building , easy to get around .
0	check this one off my list and move along to try other chinese restaurants .
0	so do not purchase from them .
1	moving on to my strawberry habanero margarita so delicious with a little heat .
1	excellent service !
1	great food , great management and great staff .
1	excellent customer service .
1	the best cheese crisp i 've ever had !
1	the waiter was great .
1	i recommend everyone try it out !
1	definitely pain free !
1	it was a nice zoo .
0	this place is not all the hype !
1	she is an absolute professional !
0	i dunno .
0	i was not impressed with my sandwich there .
1	the rei brand is also good .
1	definitely one of my regular choices .
1	this is the best cajun resturant in arizona .
1	everyone was friendly .
1	our food was phenomenal .
1	authentic !
0	lame !
0	nasty !
1	pamela 's is certainly a pittsburgh institution , and for good reason !
1	great ambience .
0	residents leave food and trash all over the parking lot .
1	the margaritas are worth trying at least once if you ever go .
1	the staff is very helpful and i love petting their shop cats .
0	why would you stick a huge slab of tough ham inside a croissant .
1	clean facilities and great massage chairs for the pedi 's .
1	i was pleasantly surprised by that call !
1	the staff is nice especially mark and they treat everyone like a regular .
0	i gave it one star because i could n't choose zero .
0	i complained and the manager was not sympathetic , in the least .
1	same old great food , with a ton of character .
0	but damn , i was hungry !
0	very very sad .
1	the pricing is reasonable , for both food and drink .
1	by far the best ever sushi in pittsburgh .
0	_num_ weeks later i have a $ _num_ bill from my provider .
0	sometimes they will pack the sandwich full of veggies , often not .
0	only after that did they refund the money .
1	good pizza and wings at a good price .
1	which is nice .
1	i bring my car twice a week and always get the best service .
1	very unexpected and very nice .
0	service was a zero .
1	i strongly recommend .
1	love it here .
0	the assistant manager did no justice to help anyone .
0	then i drove back and went inside and i talked to the manager .
1	really amazing food and generous portions !
0	and my brother in laws baked fish smelled just god awful .
0	i stood around for awhile .
1	area is clean and well decorated .
1	she is incredible .
0	i hate this place !
0	why did n't i read the reviews first on this place before going .
1	i so appreciate his honesty and expertise .
1	love it .
0	so within the first _num_ seconds we had experienced this bs .
1	the staff was very friendly .
1	bruce and his crew are amazing !
1	my son 's teeth are perfect !
1	great service .
1	good sub place .
0	got take out here recently and it was not very good .
1	very friendly waiter .
1	i was with some other co workers who all enjoyed their meals .
0	not good .
0	we were greeted and shown to a table surrounded by plastic patio chairs .
1	the service is exceptional , and the food is great .
0	horrible .
1	it was fun and delicious !
1	the food there is just exceptional !
0	i spent over _num_ hours at this car wash today .
1	excellent service and great food .
0	waiting on my prescriptions for _num_ minutes .
1	the people are pleasant and the atmosphere is awesome !
0	not toasted !
1	great german food .
1	perfect place to come to for burgers and dogs !
0	_num_ . )
0	everything else food is beyond fatty and greasy everything deep fried .
1	you can not help but really enjoy and become a fan of oreganos !
1	all of the food is made to order and tastes amazing !
0	pieces are small , dry , overcooked and greasy .
1	this is a great place to go for pie !
1	highly recommend them .
0	very disappointed never going back to this ghetto restaurant is horrible !
1	owner is great too , really takes pride in his establishment .
1	so delicious !
0	_num_ months ago and i was reminded why it had been so long !
0	should of stayed home ... ... waiter seemed lost in the sauce .
1	excellent !
1	one of my absolute favorites .
1	overall service was great .
1	glad we stumbled upon this gem .
0	when the oysters came out , they did n't even look like oysters .
1	it is a crime how much they charge you to play golf at papago .
0	all and all the hype is much greater than the bite .
0	sometimes they may have _num_ cashiers open , but the lines are still long .
0	probably wo n't be ordering from them again .
1	will definitely go back !
0	needless to say i do n't think i will be returning .
1	top _num_ thai food experiences of our lives .
0	also , i have seen some really unsanitary things happen behind their deli counter .
1	my favorite pizza place in the squirrel hill .
1	i always ask for the onions well done because otherwise they are mostly raw .
0	wait , how did they even get seated ?
1	cute place with a delicious cap !
1	it 's just diced and sauteed .
1	damn good .
0	the ventilation system , if there is one , is pretty bad .
0	ridiculous .
0	wash was good , but more expensive than what i normally would have paid .
0	bad customer service , only go here of you have to .
1	smart , funny , caring , professional .
0	i did n't enjoy any of it .
1	smells delicious , looks like a classic italian grocer .
1	: - ) atmosphere is dim and intimate , great for couples .
1	have yet to find a place at home that makes them this good !
0	will not go back again .
1	i would highly recommend to anyone looking for a good quality haircut and/or color .
0	terrible service for overpriced moderate quality sushi in a roach infested strip mall .
1	they also have a great return policy .
1	fast , friendly and great on pricing !
1	it is likely the best golfing value charlotte has to offer .
0	thee buffalo chicken sandwich had no lettuce or tomato on it .
0	i suppose the macaroni grill drops off of my favorite places to eat .
0	i spent _num_ bucks and waited fifteen minutes .
0	not worth the hassle .
0	that is $ _num_ month from august to march .
0	big mistake .
1	the atmosphere was wonderful .
1	she is awesome and professional and always leaves my skin glowing .
0	just kind of awkward , but no big deal .
1	when you are looking for quality appliances and expert knowledge , definitely go here !
1	small cafe very clean .
1	the filet was excellent .
1	best pho in the city !
1	the service is really warm and the staff is knowledgeable .
0	you could not pay me $ _num_ to eat the food i ordered again .
1	they are always kind and attentive .
0	lazy front desk .
1	organic salad bar yumm & tons of grab & go food options .
1	pierogies and sweet potato fries , awesome .
0	during the end of the lunch rush scott 's was empty .
1	i got the meat lover 's breakfast burrito and was impressed .
1	oyster po ' boy is simple and subtle yet delicious .
1	everything was just fantastic .
1	all stuff are nice , clean and quick food to your table .
1	i have also had their food delivered and it was great .
0	worst nail salon i have ever been too .
1	everyone is super nice and personable .
0	thinking that my order was canceled which it was not .
0	no prices .
0	but my nails looked like absolute crap .
1	small hole in the wall but very good food .
1	seriously , the place is one big machine .
0	will not return here , many other choices available .
0	next , the entire place was disorganized and smelly .
0	i arrive , and proceed to the e check-in .
1	however , the food and staff are incredible !
1	the tzatziki was the best i 've had .
0	waited _num_ min for cold food ?
0	i only actually needed _num_ filling .
1	one of the best truly local breakfast restaurants i have been to .
0	even the plate they were on was cold .
1	they make really good sushi here and also make other japanese dishes too .
1	we live across town and this was well worth the trip !
1	a hidden gem in the uptown area .
0	the toilet was not seated properly , because they did not level the floor .
1	good prices .
1	_num_ stars plus !
1	and it has held up well .
1	breakfast is great !
0	ha long bay has some great tofu dishes but the huge chunks tasted awful .
1	so much better .
0	to be clear , priceline is not to blame here .
1	my server made sure i had a superb meal which i did .
0	wo n't come back .
1	winner winner .
0	so i will spend my money elsewhere .
0	wrong .
0	i mean , how hard is it to order a filet mignon ?
1	i would definitely recommend this place .
1	the atmosphere is amazing .
1	great service throughout the entire resort .
1	phenomenal dish .
0	but i have been trying to eat a little healthier .
1	you 'll feel welcomed into this fun bar and the service is top notch .
0	i stay away from any of their `` meats '' ( ? )
1	i recommend this office to all of my friends .
1	it 's attached to a hotel , it 's a small cute place .
0	f me running .
0	husband picked up dinner from here tonight .
1	the musicians were great they made this place awesome .
1	i now go there once a week or so to enjoy the savory lunch .
1	and it did n't disappoint !
0	we have had a bad experience with california pools on our pool build .
1	the bread and potato wedges are very memorable .
0	it was really crowded on a friday afternoon .
1	fresh .
0	the maintenance people do n't care about anything .
1	however , dinner was amazing .
1	great beers and awesome onion rings .
1	score !
1	they found small nail in tire .
1	absolutely not .
0	its like storage no restaurant .
1	the prices are great too for the high quality of work .
0	it cost $ _num_ .
1	best chinese food in az !
0	i decided to recently eat here again and i completely regret it .
1	the bartender was wonderful and the food was delicious !
0	for boarding , pick another place .
0	what kids do n't deserve a decent meal ?
1	best part : mystery shack .
0	a portion of white rice costs about _num_ cents .
1	the atmosphere is relaxed .
0	pro : sold me four tires for my honda passport at a good price .
1	good quick service , prices are good , food is excellent .
1	he went above and beyond to make this a memorable experience .
0	she said it would take _num_ days to be removed .
1	is it the `` best pizza in madison '' ?
1	waitstaff is okay , but the bartenders are pretty great .
1	love the pie .
1	check out the specials , they 're always good .
0	sizzling chicken and cheese then came out cold and hard as a rock .
1	joe and chris were great !
1	they put some kind of tangy sauce , which added an extra kick .
0	have to wait til monday .
0	we ordered hibachi steak chicken and shrimp with fried rice and vegetables .
1	i took my car in and got the entire thing cleaned including the interior .
0	he clearly does n't care about his customers !
1	relatively inexpensive , good solid mexican food place .
0	my friends mahi just sucked .
1	great food , great people , great prices .
1	love this place .
0	if you are very busy then our poor family members get forgotten .
1	the lobster ravioli are great as is the gnocchi .
1	i come to nam 's quite a bit for very specific dishes .
1	came in last minute for a haircut and stacy was amazing .
0	so why did this store stop carrying music and movies !
1	they do a good happy hour on beers only .
0	worst gym .
1	my kids got breakfast and it was good , so they said .
1	the staff throughout the airport is very friendly and helpful .
1	the rock shrimp has a spicy crunch to it that is extremely addicting .
1	all are delicious .
1	the service is good and the restaurant is clean .
0	we understand that employees are human and can have bad days too .
0	that turned out to be the problem .
1	the return service here is fantastic .
1	when they bring out warm nacho chips definitely get the queso to accompany .
0	i had a $ _num_ off $ _num_ coupon which i used there .
1	our party all left happy and satisfied .
1	pizzas were hot and fresh and the place was <unk> clean .
1	they also had some good beer .
1	tyler was friendly , helpful and professional .
1	they are always very friendly and helpful .
1	i was really happy with my choice .
1	he 's a dentist that cares !
1	recommend the peach cobbler , delicious !
0	also , his office manager is not helping and very rude .
0	_num_ minutes to get breakfast .
0	what is so hard about bringing me a lemon with my water ?
0	never going back .
1	delicious !
1	the facility is clean , and brightly colored .
1	it is great for happy hour .
1	i 'm not much of a sandwich person but this place is great .
0	this same technique was used on me before a chinese restaurant in west phoenix .
1	i love this place !
0	bathroom smelled bad .
0	a bottled water ( _num_ oz ) is $ _num_ .
0	the rooms here are disgusting .
0	i soon realized that these were horrible chips for nachos though .
1	nice community party place .
1	fortunately , plenty of moving walkways to get you around .
1	sooooo good !
1	they always recognize their regulars with a friendly hello .
0	i will not stay here again and do not recommend it for business <unk> .
0	made me lose my appetite .
1	very kind people very fast and i would definitely use them again .
1	wendy , happy cheery .
0	i should have listened to my sister and friends and went to <unk> bay .
1	i love monty 's .
1	very happy with the results , especially after reading reviews .
0	disgusting .
1	apple pear vinaigrette is a winner too .
0	i have no clue how this place is still in business .
1	the bread and sweet cinnamon butter is amazing too .
0	just do not ever go to this location , you will be sorry .
0	$ _num_ for _num_ antipasto plates ?
1	seriously , the best happy hour prices i have ever seen .
1	definitely a go back for very soon .
0	this really is n't a place where you should try something new .
0	the worst part is the `` manager '' never made an appearance .
0	zero stars .
1	friendly staff !
0	, and the food was simply horrible .
0	the rest of the cultural center was empty and advertising for rent space .
0	i walked out and never looked back .
0	i ca n't believe this place is still in business .
0	because of that , i 'll never eat here again .
1	will definitely come back !
1	thank you .
1	then i found bra boutique !
0	despite the high convenience factor , i will not be back .
0	they also serve tequila and margaritas yet have no bar .
0	what a waste of such a beautiful facility .
1	thank you so much for going the extra mile .
1	fantastic find .
1	love it !
1	service is fast and reliable .
1	the prices are also very affordable !
1	great portions tasted good and the price was right !
0	i merely ate here because of the good reviews .
1	the staff is friendly and the quality is on par .
1	great service , clean and new chairs .
1	service is attentive and sometimes different servers check on you .
1	this place is amazing mom & pops place !
1	this is one of my favorite courses in the valley !
1	they are great .
1	the turnover rate at this business is very high .
1	best in town !
0	one hour wait through security .
1	i especially appreciated the clean restrooms .
1	they were both cooked to perfection and so tender and buttery .
0	it was such a terrible experience that i will never try this place again !
1	good prices .
0	we had a family function here and i was sadly disappointed .
1	the races !
1	amazing service .
1	great menu , cool vibe , good service and good beers .
0	she kept trying to upgrade us and was very short with us .
1	he 's funny .
1	<unk> is wonderfully average .
1	dr. fu is great !
0	put on hold for _num_ minutes and told they needed to call me back .
0	probably not .
0	not like it used to be .
0	i did n't get sick , though .
1	the food is great though !
0	so sad what this place has become !
0	wow do i hate old navy .
1	very good experience , i plan to come again !
0	nothing special about this place .
1	the view is spectacular !
1	their burritos and tacos are out of this world delicious .
0	the corn on the cob is out of this world .
1	the prices of the goods are decent .
0	the bbq pork chow mein was n't horrible .
0	it 's not expensive for juice quit being greedy .
1	thanks yelpers !
1	the food was incredible !
1	the entire staff is kind and really know what they are doing .
1	best bartender ever is erica !
0	in all honesty i would 've rather had five guys or in-n-out burgers .
0	food is expensive and nasty .
1	priced reasonably , i would love to come back here again .
1	it all adds to the overall charm of the place .
0	the other two did a mediocre job vacuuming and barely dried the car .
1	if you like it spicy ask for hot .
0	$ _num_ , really ?
1	great people and great food !
1	their deep dish pizza is ok .
0	placed a order for delivery tonight , i had guest over .
1	also , management was very friendly and generous .
1	best tanning salon ever .
1	i usually get enchiladas , but basically everything is good .
1	i love all the convenient locations that they have .
1	the food was plentiful , proper temp and really good .
0	the answer was no !
1	we will definitely be back thanks danny !
0	on the other hand , the fried pickles were great .
0	i was tired , packed bags , and waiting to get to the airport .
0	the coffee could 've been more bold because it was very light and watery .
1	came here for lunch with my cousin .
1	i will be back !
0	not even the finest sushi chef in the valley could save you , benihana !
1	the service was excellent as well !
1	black and tan how i love you !
1	she is awesome at color , cuts , styling .
0	atmosphere was awful .
0	then he would not even acknowledge our presence .
0	they do n't prepare their food very well .
1	that 's right free pizza !
0	so i will be checking the bank to make sure i wasnt doubled charged .
1	had the best experience here within a doctors office these past _num_ months !
0	the waitress then offered to refill our bread basket .
0	i hate the mexican food in las vegas for the most part .
1	not only is customer service great but the arcade games !
0	* the carpet in the room was gross .
0	my compliments to staff for their performance under the ( badly understaffed ) circumstances .
1	the service is good here .
0	plus the way you order is a mess .
0	breakfast is very low quality .
0	the desert had no prices .
1	craig the manager is so nice and help !
1	the food is so flavorful & delicious .
1	great burgers ... endless fries .
0	but they never offered me an alternative solution .
1	good food and service .
0	what a total disappointment .
0	the prices were absurd !
1	called , booked , reasonable price .
0	i have never had an issue with neighbors , residence in my lifetime .
0	i had them refund my money back and we left .
1	good spice level and complex flavor .
1	the beer selection is good , both drafts and bottles .
1	been coming here for years and they always get it right .
0	poor service .
0	furthermore , a couple of chocolate strawberries , fruit , and pastries .
0	he never asked anything about me , my history or if i had questions .
1	keep up the amazing work !
0	they are rude , inappropriate and so unprofessional !
1	chose her favorite , blue .
0	the cheese and sauce they use on their pizzas is completely tasteless and flavorless .
1	the food was delicious !
1	awesome staff .
1	one of the best meals of my life .
1	their spring rolls are tasty too .
0	i had better service with direct tv .
1	extremely nice bartenders and very accommodating when it came to finding my football game .
0	ok , so it was 9:30 on a monday .
1	the food was omg amazing , the service great , overall restaurant perfect .
1	always decent and never quiet .
0	the bread was not seasoned properly and was not good .
0	the actual room was n't too bad , decorated better than expected .
1	beautiful arrangements !
0	the drive thru set up is ridiculous .
1	great prices .
0	i travel to clt fairly regular on business .
1	there is towel service which is always great ( i hate laundry ) .
1	this is an amazing place the staff are talented .
1	their oil change is very extensive as well .
1	staff is really friendly and the food came out super fast .
1	always a good time .
0	totally not apologetic .
1	super cheap , super fast and super good .
1	always good- previous owner & current .
0	the food is decent but the wait for the food can be terribly slow .
1	food is spicy , but good !
1	it was a great choice .
0	usually , it 's pretty decent , but this past visit was not .
0	do n't waste your time .
1	amazing steak , good prices for such amazing meat .
1	i know it 's strange to say , but they make the best toast .
0	you are basically forgotten when sitting in .
0	wo n't be coming back .
1	way to go in <unk> expectations and giving a+ service !
0	i got a shot of espresso and kindly walked my self outta there .
0	so not worth the price we paid for this food .
0	kind of a disappointment .
0	it was n't a memorable meal or experience .
1	she put all the pieces together better than it was before .
1	always delicious .
0	fatty gross meat .
0	and , i always get a return call within _num_ hours .
0	besides that , it was so hot and stuffy in there .
0	this used to be a favorite .
0	but ... last night they dropped the ball .
0	there were never apologies from the server .
1	cheap donuts that are fresh and delicious .
1	seriously great food .
1	this place is so wonderful .
0	today will probably be my last .
1	our server was adorable and so sweet .
1	had a great experience at perry 's .
1	highly recommend .
1	thanks , ski pro !
0	bland pasta sauce ?
1	i love their chicken shawarma !
0	you might get better service at the chilis too in the same airport .
1	salads are fresh and in generous portions - fresh mozzarella is excellent .
1	even though this is a chain restaurant , i love the vibe .
1	it was very good and it went well with the crispy bread .
1	we will definitely be back !
1	good for day , good for night .
0	and , the staff is completely rude and disorganized .
1	the brunch here is extensive and delicious .
1	and the salsa bar has shades of heat to please everyone .
1	i love this place .
1	it 's a _num_ min drive for us , but well worth the effort .
0	bad !
1	it might seem out there , but boy is it worth it .
0	this is not vietnamese food .
1	i think its a great deal and they have coupons available online .
0	it looks just like a long branch with a tiny crown on top .
0	too bad , i hope they change cooks .
1	angie was just perfect when it came to helping us groom our boys .
1	my go to italian spot !
0	almost _num_ weeks pass , and i get a call .
0	two of us said to substitute chicken for the turkey .
0	what i was very irritated by was the staff yelling excuse me !
1	awesome atmosphere .
0	also , the waitress i had the other day was really rude .
1	the owners are nice and so are those they have working with them .
1	the employees there provide good service and are very helpful if i need anything .
1	my or nurse mary kay he was a charm .
1	i have a new top favorite now and its right here .
0	the worst !
0	salmon was so dry it was difficult to cut much less eat .
0	my kids love it here but they only eat bean burritos .
0	i would rather stay downtown than ever stay at this property again .
1	the stain glass windows were beautiful .
1	eat , drink , and be merry my friends !
1	excellent food .
0	also called corporate and they seem to not care .
1	everything we ordered was perfect and the service was impeccable .
1	elizabeth is a dream come true .
1	seafood gumbo is delicious !
1	very filling .
1	first time i went , it was amazing & fun .
1	great pizza .
1	yes , you will pay more , but it 's worth it .
1	still give it a try , good cantonese style cooking .
0	i witnessed one kid touch every brownie on the tray before picking one .
1	i would recommend them highly .
1	great place .
0	no more .
1	a really fun place to watch games - especially for cards fans on sunday .
1	delicious authentic food !
1	my husband and i started our vegas vacation here and wow !
1	well i finally did and im glad because i had a nice time .
1	pork verde was amazing !
0	if i liked the burger , i 'd recommend only ordering it to go .
0	we will not be back unless they get new management .
1	i love this restaurant .
1	a great and relaxing couple of days at sunset station .
0	one of the worst dining experiences i 've ever had .
1	chris was very cool !
0	besides , one can google any recipe online for free .
1	three thumbs up !
1	we received a <unk> confirmation a day before the tour .
1	such friendly , caring , and wonderful staff .
1	great service and good prices .
0	before writing this , i had it all planned out in my head .
0	took _num_ minutes to get water and the menu .
1	and friendly service .
0	this is a standard gas station and not really worth reviewing .
0	love mac 's products , but the service lost a sale .
0	we wo n't return or recommend this place .
0	then gave me a quote of _num_ a month for a one bedroom .
1	the food is great and the customer service has improved !
1	they went above and beyond my expectations .
1	the staff is filled with information and extremely helpful !
0	then the moldy bread sticks were never replaced .
0	shame on you and your poor customer service .
1	susie was very kind , friendly , and knowledgable .
0	the lady on the phone was confusing and frustrating to talk to .
1	it is what it is , and does a great job at just that .
0	this woman then proceeded to yell at me .
1	food and service is outstanding !
0	i ca n't believe i was treated this way .
1	<unk> north is an ideal golf and instruction facility .
1	great store , with great customer service .
1	it 's a pretty good location , and it gets busy during the day .
0	they wanted to charge me $ _num_ to work out .
1	greg was the best !
1	overall , a good experience .
1	buy a drink though , it 's just the right thing to do .
1	prices are very reasonable !
0	the only thing good was the corn on the cob !
1	thank god i found this place in phoenix .
0	do they have a corporate taste kitchen ?
0	i 'm a gold member so i had access to the <unk> level .
1	same quality food .
0	the food and service here is maybe just a little above average .
1	he has a gentle touch and is always so reassuring .
0	we stopped in at golden canyon on saturday feb _num_ for a friends birthday .
1	good food , decent priced lunch menu .
0	however , i never like my food !
0	instead of tomato paste it tasted like a chipotle bbq sauce .
1	the food is great and there is such a wide variety to pick from .
0	my advice , do n't eat here .
0	my husband questioned them and they were very rude about the charge .
1	pj 's is quite simply the best florist in the valley !
1	food is good but the service is great !
1	next course was a very fresh and impeccably spice cup of gumbo .
1	man this place is good !
1	best pizza in town !
1	what a breath of fresh air !
1	i find most of the food here pretty good .
1	the staff are very knowledgable and friendly .
0	the soda , diet ( which i think tastes like feet ) .
1	the selection of dishes , desserts , and taste were amazing .
0	i ca n't .
1	we could not finish the food but everything was delicious !
0	i ordered one lone pizza and it took nearly two hours for my delivery .
1	we will be loyal customers .
1	we all sat close to one another as well .
0	the ceiling is filthy , and water spots like where the roof has leaked .
1	she made me feel comfortable from the very first second .
1	it was wonderful !
1	its chicken , onions , jalapenos cooked in perfect harmony !
1	this place was really very good .
0	terrible service !
1	service was very good and the guys were really nice and helpful .
0	based on that they get a _num_ .
0	we did n't receive our food for _num_ minutes .
1	one of my favorite late-night spots in pittsburgh .
0	terrible business practices !
0	walked in .
1	terrific night out !
0	never going back !
0	to bad , only fast food i ever ate .
1	the best chinese food ever !
1	i finally got a chance to come to the original location .
1	the staff was attentive and upbeat .
1	we 've had great luck here !
1	that is probably the best friend chicken i 've ever had .
1	good food , great atmosphere , amazing service !
0	not good .
0	he was overall just very awkward and provided bad service .
0	served with white rice , black beans , potato medallions & mango slaw .
1	i really love the italian classic and the french dip .
1	this museum is really beautiful both inside and out .
0	drama between workers can be overheard , making things even slower .
1	so for me to be raving about breakfast is a funny .
0	worst hospital in the entire state .
1	all the nurses on pretty much all the floors are all good .
1	portions are large , and margaritas are always good !
1	so friendly and the plants are just beautiful .
1	location is a bit hidden but the salon itself is wonderful !
0	they said they can not fix it because it is over the year warranty .
0	... pretty gross !
0	our bill came out to _num_ .
0	no sports on tv and no one to chat with at the bar .
1	i found it right away - it was literally the first label i read .
0	the cashier amanda is rude !
0	big mistake !
0	however , with my recent experience i will not be back .
1	and more businesses should provide the excellent service and price that i received here .
1	i love their salads and this location never has a wait .
1	im happy , tenant is happy ... everyone is happy !
1	great place to stop for a quick lunch when you work downtown .
1	i will definitely go again .
1	very knowledgeable staff and they have a great selection of fish and other animals .
0	stopped for breakfast after picking someone up at the airport .
1	stoked to have a local spot each time i come back to urbana .
1	it 's my go to place for quick gifts for family and friends .
0	the only downfall was their delivery time .
0	for what it is , its expensive and the owner is a jerk .
0	you can only order huge cones at a very premium price .
1	ty especially has been a real pleasure to work with .
1	there is a spa and a good workout room .
1	the food was so good .
1	there were a lot of healthy breakfast choices and it was absolutely delicious !
0	i never had these problems with our pediatrician in texas .
1	we ordered the mimosa cocktail and it was okay .
0	this walmart is crazy and when i say crazy , it 's insane .
1	nice inside .
1	regular customers are treated like family !
0	the lady was completely rude .
0	strange looking , and bad tasting .
1	so damn good i ate the whole plate of food and a second portion .
0	i 'd rather be positive than negative so they get three .
1	great company !
1	he 's very friendly and definitely knows his stuff .
1	as feed stores go this is pretty good .
0	they only served about _num_ spoons of cauliflower .
0	ghetto walmart ... always out of the items that i need most !
0	i would have given it less but they did comp our bad meal .
0	i shall not come back to this particular waffle house .
0	there was not a lot of green in this garden !
0	this place has the longest wait times you will ever experience .
0	but last few times i have gone it has not taste the same .
1	i love this place and love coming here .
1	cute little diner spot , a little outside pittsburgh .
1	they are god 's gift to breakfast .
1	i could go on and on .
1	they 've got great wings and the staff is friendly .
0	why not tell me this as i was making my son 's appointment ?
0	i went to chandler regional hospital with my mother .
0	my wife may go back but i never will !
1	the bathrooms were amazing !
1	the place is kind of a dump but that only adds to the charm .
1	they make their own tortillas which is respectable .
1	great coffee and atmosphere !
0	when i called to complain the manager did n't even care .
1	service and food has always been great !
1	this store is super clean , organized and has amazingly affordable fresh produce .
0	the manager brad sometimes just seems not present .
0	this was probably the worst car wash i have ever been to .
1	absolutely fantastic .
0	warm chocolate brioche bread pudding topped with vanilla ice cream ?
1	loved this place .
1	definitely a gem !
1	the owners are very friendly and really care about their customers .
0	the meat itself is dry and it seems they are not fresh .
1	i have found that i crave them a lot .
0	so , that said , it was not that good this time either .
1	the spicy tuna was by far the best i 've ever had .
1	this place was great !
1	i love this place .
1	chicago dogs with sport pepper and bright green relish .
0	needless to say we spent too much money for a not very satisfying meal .
0	horrible and smelled really bad .
1	the breakfast specials are the best .
1	very comforting and caring .
1	she has won me over for sure .
0	it went from bad to worse .
0	the sandwhich combinations are n't the best .
1	love this place !
1	this office is amazing .
1	i can probably best describe it as the `` subway '' of pita shops .
1	their customer service was good as well .
0	antibiotics are _num_ $ .
1	i love this place and all their food .
1	professional , reasonable price and very unique styles available .
1	it 's a sandwich shop and they have great sandwiches .
0	if i could give zero stars i would !
1	tip well its worth it .
1	that must be a great benefit , if needed .
0	what the hell ?
1	i highly recommend it !
0	i 've never had a more uncomfortable experience .
0	i have never been that sick in my life .
1	excellent food at a good price .
1	thank you dr. morris !
0	do not insult your customers bc you recognize a ny accent .
0	the whole thing tasted and felt boxed and pre-made .
1	love this place .
1	excellent food , friendly staff , relaxed but nice atmosphere .
1	service was great and food was good .
0	so corporate , cheesy , and generic .
1	the receptionists are great peeps .
1	# culinary greatness !
0	our salad and bread came out with our food which was a little irritating .
0	warning !
1	it 's always been really good .
1	learned so much about this great city .
0	they may as well not even bother .
1	great service !
1	amazing price you wo n't get a deal like that anywhere else .
1	thank you for helping us have an amazing mother 's day weekend !
0	picked up the next day and the car smells horrible .
1	runs like new again .
0	she had the worst attitude .
1	my favorite item is their crispy fish tacos .
0	waste of money and will not be returning .
1	cute little restaurant .
1	i just got a manicure and i looks so pretty .
0	<unk> steakhouse was disappointing .
1	the donuts just melts in your mouth and its so smooth .
0	tanks are way overpriced .
1	good thing was they only charged me for the a la carte .
1	the entire menu is delectable .
0	will the hostess smile instead of looking like she will bite my head off ?
1	will return in future .
1	and now they order rare steak and love your restaurant .
1	i 'll start off with , the customer service was amazing !
1	it 's like a small town atmosphere in the city .
1	i will definitely be going back !
1	their pastas are ok , but their pizzas are delicious !
1	amazing variety and new creations !
1	randy took the time to ensure very hair on my head was perfect .
0	cheese sticks were under cooked , the pizza was extremely greasy .
0	but the service was atrocious .
0	and surprisingly , or maybe not , we got a table for two immediately .
1	quick , friendly service .
1	awesome place .
1	good food and i love all the dipping sauces .
0	this is n't fast food , if you ask me .
0	horrible customer service with even worst employees .
1	it 's a fun place to learn and spend a few hours .
0	i 'm sick of people coming in whenever they feel like it . ''
1	would recommend you try !
0	anyway , if i go back , i 'm not sure what to order .
0	sure i could n't keep them on for more than _num_ minutes .
1	management has greatly improved .
1	see photos !
0	this las vegas office is terrible .
1	we love it here , there are so many choices .
0	nonetheless , i will never spend another dollar in this place .
1	highly recommend .
1	the service was great and the restaurant clean .
0	do not rent a bike here if you are from out of town .
1	they will take care of your pieces for you .
1	great friendly mom and pop deli .
1	plus , people were dressed up in hilarious 70s costumes .
1	rates are reasonable and the staff is friendly .
1	it is always busy with a great family-friendly vibe and diverse clientele .
0	egg rolls were more spring rolls with thin deep fried paper wrap .
0	it is located at the end of the strip and parking is free .
1	the family had a great time on this quick ride .
0	but honey bears has a _num_ star rating .
1	great place for yummy cake noodle like hawaii makes .
1	he is honest , and technically superb .
1	awesome and fast service .
1	this store is awesome !
1	their skinny margarita is the best .
0	that 's not an unreasonable expectation , is it ?
1	dog friendly a plus !
1	they 've got it all -- - plus nicely crafted brews .
1	their bread is amazing .
0	maybe it 'd be a better place to visit for dinner .
1	she was friendly , early and arrived with roses for the ladies and champagne .
1	far life dipping sauce is something to fight over so order extras .
1	great little pharmacy .
0	us airways cancelled my flight from las vegas to houston with very little warning .
0	very disappointed in the customer service i received .
0	the cream cheese did n't taste very fresh either .
0	at this point i 'd rather pay more at whole foods .
1	great , quick byob that always delivers .
1	delicious food !
1	i would recommend this shop to anyone .
0	when you make it too sweet for someone 's personal tastes , fix it .
0	if it was about the pizza you were n't getting it back .
1	would recommend them to anyone .
1	everyone here was so kind , helpful , and knowledgeable .
1	the staff at vera was incredible .
1	i recommend the salted caramel flavor , although there are many to choose from .
1	i dig the community seating , it gives it a family feel .
0	the library actually tried to press charges on me for this .
0	oh , ps , the food stinks .
0	no a/c that works .
0	in other words , throw the follow-up request in the trash !
1	truly outstanding customer service experience !
1	the front desk people are so amazing every time i go in .
1	okay , so i love to eat at great spots with an amazing atmosphere .
1	the best chinese in town !
0	we may try this place again , maybe for the lunch buffet .
1	the service has been great , even during the lunch rush .
1	very kind and knowledgeable .
1	this kid to kid location has great staff .
0	always regret eating at bk .
1	a rare find , indeed .
0	it might be cool just to visit once , but no more .
1	great food , great prices .
0	the menu was probably comparable to the expensive las vegas area .
1	our waitress was extremely friendly and the dining atmosphere was nice .
1	would definitely recommend .
0	sushi was just ok , nothing to rave about .
1	she gives us great advice and just generally has fantastic bedside manners .
1	best french dip ever .
0	no flavor whatsoever .
0	i just hate to see it .
1	great subs , tasty sauces , nice crust , lots o beer .
0	so we waited another _num_ minutes for her to come back .
1	wonderful selection too .
1	nice time for the family , great atmosphere , very kind wait staff .
0	she came around to check on things hardly at all .
0	a large pizza with _num_ chopped up mushroom on the pizza .
1	staff was quite attentive as well .
1	love this place !
0	one of the worst steakhouses i 've been to in madison .
0	the pizza looked average and taste was not that great at all !
1	i think this place should definitely be rated higher than three stars .
1	enjoy and be safe out there !
0	the service is worse , if that is possible .
0	the food was so bland .
1	service is very friendly and fast .
1	a solid choice in an area of the city known for its asian food .
1	the female bartender always does a great job .
1	we were pleased and impressed .
1	highly recommended !
0	ordered pizza for delivery & it never showed up .
0	i told the waitress and she said , `` oh , ok '' .
0	you ca n't ruin pie , right ?
1	this place is the hands done best !
0	normally great ... but things have been going down hill .
1	great little restaurant just off of anthem way .
1	friendly and quick service .
1	always a good time .
0	even with the discount , the food was overpriced .
1	cool spot with cool ppl .
0	when i did he looked more at my chart than he did at me .
0	another classic example of an overrated and overpriced restaurant .
1	a must for everyone looking for an excellent meal .
0	after a _num_ minute wait of not being acknowledged we left .
0	upon going in , the parking lot was trashy .
0	customer service was pretty much zero .
0	still no water .
1	had a good time at <unk> station !
1	such good , old-fashioned american food .
1	no better place !
0	none of these beers taste finished .
1	professional , reliable , honest and fair .
0	spinach ravioli was two large pieces , but missing sauce & seasoning .
1	the crew that is there now is so kind and helpful .
0	sorry , it 's easy to tell raw from cooked onions .
0	as my review makes clear , i ca n't compare the food .
1	this place was exactly what we needed , a nice little discovery .
1	the waitress that served me was nice and attentive .
0	_num_ mushy queen beds , a couch and _num_ tvs .
1	phenomenal .
1	this place is great !
1	great discovery !
0	yes , it is that bad !
1	eat here tonight !
1	although the price is a little bit high , they are the best .
0	they answer promptly , and schedule out for just over a week 's time .
1	great prices as well .
1	beer selections a great , plenty of good brews to choose from .
0	now my wife ca n't get to work .
1	my girlfriend always goes with the hamachi which is decent .
1	thanks for a great dinner tonight !
0	when i got there i waited another _num_ minutes !
1	simply stated : excellent customer service .
1	the pulled pork sandwich was scrumptious and the wings were well done !
0	waited _num_ min for a hair cut and was a big mistake .
1	thai cuisine is easily my favorite restaurant in pittsburgh right now .
0	stay far far away !
0	cash only , pricey , leave it for the tourist !
1	the steak melted in my mouth .
0	do n't waste your money like i did .
1	best wings in town , by far !
1	pizza was great !
1	easy to park and relaxed atmosphere .
1	i 'm not hungover but this is prob a really good hangover burger too !
0	there should be no exception of talking bad about your coworkers to customers especially .
1	i love this venue !
1	took my gf to see the body world exhibit .
1	great home style breakfast , sandwiches and dinner .
0	if you want regular ice cream , expect to pay $ _num_ a scoop .
1	love the decor very _num_ 's went back for dinner and loved the burgers !
0	after all was said and done they did not adjust our bill .
1	the refried beans are good too .
0	how about horrible customer service ?
1	he was so professional and just overall enjoyable to work with .
1	they are very efficient !
0	`` they did n't but the order in '' is what they tell me .
1	<unk> everywhere !
1	service was wonderful , very attentive .
1	superior service !
1	they 're fast , consistent , cheap , and delicious .
0	i guess i did n't really paid attention to it .
0	all this information would have been great weeks ago .
0	_num_ stars only because of the good poolside service and food .
0	did not have a fabulous experience .
0	how do you mistake egg salad for turkey ?
1	trader joe 's has great food , friendly staff and the store is clean !
0	the groomer said no problem we can do that .
0	sent it back and had no time to wait for another dish .
1	we 'll definitely be going back .
0	my recommendation , get your free burger once a year but avoid other wise .
1	this is my favorite place to go for more authentic mexican food .
0	i get another beer as the entrees are brought to the table .
1	it 's always delicious .
0	ew , ew , ew brothers is all i can say .
0	four , and this is the worst .
1	great taste and value .
0	this has happened on more than one occasion .
0	a full _num_ second stare .
1	they care , really listen and push just enough .
1	the kids enjoy the dipping !
0	total time spent _num_ hour for a $ _num_ drink .
1	both solid choices , filling and fresh .
1	the mayo is the best i 've ever had .
1	this company is the best .
1	pretty much my favorite chain mexican food .
0	everything i 've tried here was gross .
1	overall , amazing joint .
0	every customer had a problem with their food or order .
1	it is consistently good and the staff is always nice .
0	terrible late night service .
1	the burger was good and the place just feels really comfortable .
1	tuna melt is also very good .
1	amazing !
1	amazing place .
1	the pedicure was great and the wax was the best !
1	always clean and super helpful .
0	they 'll say they 're going to fix the gates , they wo n't .
0	rude .
0	also the pasta did not taste homemade .
0	not even a hello .
0	the bathrooms were very clean and the booth we were in was comfortable .
1	i like this spot .
0	my room is still not ready !
1	we also loved getting takeout here and eating it throughout the week .
1	we love them !
1	attentive and helpful and was quick to offer suggestions when requested .
1	fresh flour tortillas and a good butcher shop and cheese shop .
1	their green juice is also very good .
0	zero compassion .
1	we came here for dessert and drink after dinner and we were pleasantly surprised .
1	first time in charlotte , great food .
0	3rd chance , you will not get from me .
1	the customer service was very pleasant from start to finish .
0	that was back in summer of _num_ .
1	the service is good .
0	overall , this walmart could be better .
0	my _num_ daughters and i will not return to queens nails .
0	terrible service .
0	as soon as i gave the keys to the customers and they walked away .
1	the bathrooms stayed clean & the attendants were all very nice & smiling .
1	i had a pedi and a full set , both look beautiful .
0	the receptionist said that she would send it over right away .
1	go check out ronald 's , you will love it !
0	$ _num_ each for a coke .
1	love this place .
0	other than that , stay away !
1	nice and helpful staff .
1	he is amazing !
0	i tried this place for the first time for the raved about menudo .
1	dr. myers is great .
1	the service is great and friendly .
1	staff is super friendly .
1	... although i 'd probably recommend going on cooler day .
1	its employees have always been professional and efficient .
1	great food .
0	she stated this multiple times , and scared the crap out of me .
0	recently , i tried booking online but also called to confirm the reservation .
0	i rarely ever use another theater , until now .
0	rice has no flavor and the refried beans were oddly crusty .
1	what a breath taking sight !
1	best pizza in the world by far !
1	this is a great place to have lunch !
0	the tables here are cramped to hell .
1	the restaurant sees a good number of regulars during the lunch hours .
0	i 've been here for two days and there is still no hot water .
0	_num_ minutes after that , our food came .
1	great customer service.
0	i left feeling unimpressed .
0	walked in at _num_ minutes past _num_ and was told they were closed .
0	if you 're thinking of taking your car here , do n't .
0	manager said no problem .
0	i do n't mind eating food with seasoning and some pepper .
1	the monte cristo sandwich is balls to the wall amazing !
1	they 're all really nice and do amazing work !
1	great employees !
1	we learned so much , and our tour guide was attentive and very knowledgeable .
1	staff was friendly and stayed on top of the service .
1	the staff is outstanding .
0	my neighbors down stairs are always fighting and i can hear the wife crying .
1	great service , incredible pancakes & eggs & crepes & people & coffee .
1	this is one of my favorite little places .
1	highly recommended .
1	it 's a small place but a good one .
1	great when you need a quick , inexpensive , no frills lunch !
1	the food is phenomenal and considering its quality , the price is just right .
1	been here _num_ months and love it !
0	little did i know that was going to be the highlight of the meal .
0	she walked back to the register and talked with other staff .
0	i 'm hungry and craving some indian food , so i stop in .
0	there were _num_ in our party .
1	i always have a great experience here .
0	last time , the pump did not stop automatically and spilled over .
1	the product is always fresh and delicious .
0	i went in and was treated poorly a few months ago .
1	the french fries were superb as well .
1	overall had fun and had a great dessert .
0	when i came back only the fridge was replaced and nothing else was fixed .
0	this place is poorly managed !
0	i had the typical battery of tests at my second visit .
1	i love love love this place !
1	an all-around a+ experience .
1	loved it !
0	i know and like whole foods , but this place is terrible .
1	internet is fast and service is great .
1	this is good sushi .
1	they have the best _num_ cent margaritas ever !
1	excellent .
1	it 's great because you can kind of get lost wandering through the aisles .
1	it 's spacious and lots of places to wonder around in between sessions .
1	he is good , as are the spring rolls .
0	it was turned into gray meat and cost almost _num_ dollars .
1	thanks gentlemen for making our sunday morning an amazing one !
1	great sandwiches and a beautiful atmosphere .
0	why does my toilet paper have to be organic ?
1	he has great style and great and cutting my hair to fit my face .
1	although the dishes are spicy and hot , they are really delicious .
1	very happy customer !
1	but overall , i enjoyed the food and would like to come back .
1	also there was a new clerk and he was very pleasant but not overbearing .
1	everything is freshly made .
1	see you guys again soon !
1	i 've always been pleased with the food and the service .
1	all malls need to take a look how beautiful the restrooms are .
0	i informed the salesman that a final inspection has not been done .
0	the pho is way too overpriced and the portions are small .
0	the sometimes mess up sizes .
1	easy to work with .
0	well , it 's the next day and it looks like garbage .
1	they have _num_ varieties , and a wonderful trio option that lets you sample .
1	service is always quick and pleasant .
0	my car was stolen from the assigned cover parking spot .
1	the best egg rolls in town .
1	great comfort food at a great price and a nice staff to boot .
1	friendly service as well !
1	i just had another fantastic haircut with chelsea !
1	the flan was delicious and fresh and had the right amount of carmel taste .
1	best vietnamese restaurant in az i have ever been .
1	that was good .
1	the services are priced fairly , and the results are top-notch .
1	crystal is an amazing artist and great person .
1	high quality company that does 1st class work .
0	they are horrible !
1	the biggest and best in the valley of the sun .
1	great stop for coffee in shadyside .
1	the burgers are tasty as are the fries .
0	rude .
1	eating here right now .
1	he is great on so many levels .
0	the front desk people did not seem to have it together at all .
0	_num_ is low ?
0	waste of time and money .
1	the drinks were very good and reasonably priced .
1	i love great jambalaya .
1	during my last visit , i also experienced the haven .
1	great food , environment and great service .
1	thanks to robert we had a great experience !
0	besides all of the above , i would not stay at this hotel again .
1	ours did just that and made us laugh .
0	no cheddar cheese , no guacamole , no beans .
1	the food is always hot and the staff is great !
0	when i come back to charlotte i wo n't be trying this restaurant again .
1	stadium type seating , and comfortable chairs .
0	the food was hit and miss .
0	finally seated , i was excited to try the food .
1	highly recommend this place .
1	the servers are great .
0	i like lax as my favorite airport .
1	otherwise the service was super .
0	i do n't understand all the outstanding reviews .
0	it was tasty , but did n't seem as flavorful as i had expected .
1	highly recommend !
0	i would have been happily to pay if anything broke .
0	this night at red lobster was the worst .
1	nice ppl , nice atmosphere .
0	i 'm not given the option to give zero stars or negative stars .
0	my daughter made me come but next time i 'll put my foot down .
1	thanks alaska for making it more affordable .
0	the black bean beef was the better of the two dishes .
0	will not return and i do n't recommend you waste your money here .
1	definitely going back !
1	we usually split the special with a side of rice and beans .
1	perfect fit for the neighborhood !
1	i had the garlic parmesan wings and they were really good .
1	the pasta is home made and the sauces are delicious !
0	that 's probably why he got our order wrong .
1	i will definitely be back !
0	needless to say i will not be returning !
0	i could have gotten the piece at michaels craft store for $ _num_ .
0	every sandwich was on a ( fairly soggy ) standard grocery store hamburger bun .
0	seriously this place is hell .
1	some of the best sushi in pittsburgh .
0	the chicken sandwich was good but that is where it ends .
1	i would highly recommend their service !
1	i got a bone in ribeye , my favorite cut .
1	otherwise i 'll keep seeing shows here .
1	i swear their salmon is the very best in the area .
0	thinking he would take my tray i said yes .
0	the cheese sauce for the fries was fairly watery and bland .
1	the wifi is great and free .
0	colors and decor seem boring and out of style .
1	they have so many different sandwich , wraps , and salad options .
1	pizzas came hot out of the oven .
0	worst customer service experience ive ever had .
0	our waitress kept forgetting our drinks .
0	we 're still waiting to have stuff fixed ; they seem to be understaffed .
0	horrible experience !
1	not my favorite brand of hotels by hilton but this location was really fun .
1	most of my favorite shows have taken place here .
1	i would recommend this to all .
1	it is not cheap , but it is worth every penny .
1	the staff is absolutely wonderful from the office to the coaches .
0	the potato soup had absolutely no flavor whatsoever .
1	thank god i am able to enjoy these : ) .
1	the give very generous portions , with lots of veggies .
1	jacuzzi tub room was wonderful , clean .
0	i asked him to taste the scallops and he just laughed me off .
1	thank you nick !
1	happy tummy !
1	wow , it 's been over a year since i have come here .
1	the staff and owner are extremely attentive .
1	this has always been a clean store , nicely organized , and fully stocked .
1	huge fan , repeat customer , highly recommend !
1	i seriously love this place and the awesome folks who work there .
1	it 's sooo good !
1	a gem of a dive bar for true football fans .
0	i wish i never had known about the place .
1	he is very talented .
0	when i came home i was embarrassed at how my hair looked .
1	i totally recommended this place for fresh warm bagels .
0	it 's just another over priced , no flavor , place .
0	eh , it was ok if you 're looking for bland and boring flavor .
0	service has really gone downhill in the last year .
0	could n't get a water refill until after i was finished with my meal .
1	recommend them .
1	everything tastes fresh and great .
1	i love it and everyone that works there is great .
0	the us air passenger service agents are complete jerks .
1	barbara - the floor manager helped us .
1	the meat section is decent and not all that sketchy .
1	every time my friend and i have gone here it has been quite good .
0	however , i should n't have .
1	this is a gem .
1	good lunch spot in vegas .
1	service is amazing and very family owned feeling .
0	if it you want better portions & consistency , this is not the place .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	apartment is well maintained .
1	loved their spicy orange chicken .
1	you can even find rare records here too .
1	good service .
1	the food was fast and good .
1	cool atmosphere , great beer !
1	the women who did my nails and facial though were so nice and sweet .
0	i think the food is boring .
0	this place has gone downhill .
1	the food is beautifully prepared and consistently good .
0	came here with friends to satisfy a bbq craving .
0	reason why i hate writing bad reviews , well they have some great employees .
0	the rice and beans where the stars of the dishes , do n't skip !
0	but a third was n't and i felt her look me up and down .
1	thanks chad .
1	always cooked just right , and love the seasonings .
1	i definitely recommend them to everyone .
1	the meat was extremely good .
1	thank you dr. hales and team !
1	great food .
1	great square cut pie at a great price .
1	perfect location .
0	large store with variety but i can get that at another location as well .
0	why the hell are you in such a hurry '' .
0	get out of here guy you 're cheap and offer the worst customer service .
1	i 'll definitely be back soon .
0	frankly , it was late , probably near 11:30 pm .
0	security checks are here to stay , do something about it .
0	but the service is bad .
1	dessert , especially the bread pudding is worth saving room for .
1	i must say this is a very nice salon .
0	the bartender was very rude with our friend but nice with ladies .
1	good place to hang with friends after work .
1	one of the great things was how quickly everything came out .
1	my ribeye was perfectly cooked .
1	al is our new favorite !
1	prices are high here for madison but it 's worth the splurge .
1	very happy with the new furniture .
1	the garlic roll was excellent .
1	highly reccomend !
1	we are very happy with this location .
1	i was pleasantly surprised .
0	the spinach pastry was hard and difficult to eat .
0	he then added that it was more than _num_ miles from my house .
1	we always have great service here and the portions are very generous .
1	good food , prices like the rest of them , decent portions .
0	trust me the place should just be avoided all together .
1	barbers are friendly and give excellent haircuts !
1	cool place .
0	however , $ _num_ delivery charge ?
0	stick them in the oven for a few minutes and they were n't bad .
1	promptly seated , the service was attentive and the food was good .
1	absolutely the best red curry in history .
1	drivers have always been courteous and helpful , and the rates are great .
1	great bread baked on site ?
1	maybe i was really hungry but it was delicious !
0	they might as well just add cheese curds to thier menu .
1	was so happy when they reopened .
1	waitress was a little dingy , but service was still good .
0	however , he said they can give me an iced vanilla coffee instead .
1	you can thank me later .
1	i love how traditional this place is .
1	i would highly recommend it !
1	loved our tour through the desert .
0	how long does it take to fry some damn pickles ?
0	pita jungle in general gets _num_ stars , this location gets _num_ .
0	we did n't have a reservation as we just flew in to town .
1	our waitress , jasmine , was very knowledgeable and an excellent server .
1	the staff was very friendly and nice !
1	they have a great selection and tons of accessories to go along with them .
1	everything comes out quickly and fresh .
1	the cheese is pretty tasty as well .
0	it should have been an additional _num_ % .
1	the ribs were amazing & the grilled chicken was tasty .
1	but we did see a great game there and ate some pretty decent food .
1	staff is knowledgeable and friendly .
1	the food that i ate was very tasteful and i really enjoyed being there .
0	have i quite finished ?
0	which she had no clients and was just sitting there .
1	i 've always been pleased with my paint purchases .
1	the meat is always moist and flavorful .
0	but i still miss the darker setting and the booths .
1	their dishes are a perfect combination of delicious and healthy !
0	i was really dissatisfied that not one was hot enough to eat .
0	we did n't feel very comfortable or welcome .
0	the dinner ( some kind of fish ) was salty .
1	this place is as good as you will find in az .
0	last night it was especially bad .
1	they have fantastic shredded beef tacos .
1	accept all major credit cards .
0	what i do not love about this shop is the poor customer service .
1	u have saved my palette more than once .
1	fair prices and accurate diagnosis .
0	i 'm not going to do that this time .
0	it was gross .
1	green chile chicken enchiladas , oysters and with the right person ... perfect .
1	the kids like it a lot , which helps it quite a bit .
0	bad bartenders .
1	it 's possible .
1	it 's easy to schedule an appointment and the whole crew is fabulous !
0	we used to stay here almost every time we went to vegas .
1	delicious .
1	will recommend to everyone .
1	also , the pizza is truly something special .
1	he was amazed and impressed with their _num_ bowling lanes .
1	hot , fresh and really good .
1	he is highly recommended .
0	save your time and let other dealer around valley make the money .
1	the massage with the pedicure is wonderful .
1	the mahi grilled is great also .
1	you can schedule appointments via text , which is great .
1	local family restaurant with amazing food and very reasonable prices .
1	that was the first time we felt truly at peace about our wedding .
0	i then thanked him for wasting my time and left with my family .
1	great flavor , nice and hot with all the <unk> .
1	it 's crisp and hits the spot on a hot hot day .
1	it was all great .
1	excellent customer service .
1	`` ramon '' behind the sushi bar was extremely efficient and friendly !
1	courtney did my _num_ minute facial , and she did a fantastic job !
1	troy in the sales was excellent .
0	another _num_ weeks passed and i still do n't have them ?
1	sauces were great .
0	also , the artichoke dip , sliders and tacos .
1	enjoy .
1	great bagels .
0	not saying they cut .
1	*the room was very clean and the hallways even smelled fresh .
1	amazing !
0	my dad and i had takeout from this place last night .
0	not professional at all .
1	you will be thrilled with him and his entire staff .
1	nice change of pace .
1	thank you !
1	we really enjoyed our visit here !
1	will definitely be back .
1	the food is great , very relaxing .
0	rude and annoyed .
1	friendly local and a cool vibe .
0	purchased a car there last month and was treated horribly .
1	always a good meal and i would recommend it for sure .
1	always delicious .
0	so i was promised my wings in _num_ minutes .
1	fun locals environment .
0	she was a horrible waitress .
1	the staff is knowledgeable and helpful .
1	awesome !
1	oph is so good !
1	the place is very clean and they seem to be very happy working here .
0	and that 's it , she cut me off .
1	it was absolutely delicious .
1	i really enjoy their lobster bisque .
1	but the reason i really liked this place was the burger .
1	all off the selections were very good .
0	the staff was relatively nice but inept .
1	a tad eccentric -- but great .
0	in fact , just do not go there .
1	i love the spider roll which is with soft shell crab .
0	her response , nothing .
1	yes please !
1	a ton of tv 's great to watch sports at !
1	my eyebrows are in perfect shape and very even .
0	all in all cheap and crappy !
0	it was n't the worst i have ever had but i def .
1	all the ingredients tasted fresh , and the service at the bakery was wonderful .
0	the waitress was also difficult to find .
1	thanks much for a great stay !
1	fresh ingredients .
0	seriously , this place sucks .
0	i never once got a refill , even when i asked .
1	it was terrific after a long week of being on my feet .
0	i 've been a yelp user for years .
1	i liked this place .
0	the water was cold .
1	it 's a winner !
1	a true hidden pizza spot in charlotte .
1	matthews is far for me but worth it .
0	fish and chips was very bland .
1	amazing !
1	love this place !
0	now for the spa ... this place needs to be shut down .
0	i said i will get them fixed later to avoid more charges .
0	overall i was not happy .
1	will recommend him to anyone that needs a great foot doctor .
1	there 's always lots of food and i always bring home left overs .
1	the drinks are made to order too and are quite tasty .
0	i left urgent care for cvs to get a prescription filled .
1	staff are nice , prices are reasonable , and the food is excellent .
0	f ?
1	love this place .
0	all in all this is easily the worst motel i 've ever stayed in .
1	this place is awesome !
0	the nursing staff at this doctors office are incredibly mean .
0	i would advise coming here unless you are drinking and watching football .
0	it 's sad i have to change my review .
1	the security is great with the card system .
1	shall i add they are generous with the fillings too !
1	others in the group said their sandwiches and salads were very good .
1	very friendly staff and lots of gluten-free options !
1	i will always come back here anytime she is working !
0	i took it up and showed the cashier girl .
1	i love this place !
1	the food was fresh and hot , and portions were generous .
0	half of them are n't labeled or priced .
1	the pizza here is consistently good .
0	there is _num_ minutes left to pick and try on dresses !
0	ca n't open on time ?
1	thank you guys !
0	if you get within _num_ feet of it , it absolutely reeks .
1	oh and the absolute best fast food chicken hands down .
1	awesome !
1	excellent service , friendly , knowledgable , attentive , but not annoying .
1	hot locals spot .
1	all of us were stuffed and happy !
1	it is that simple .
1	when she did find time to help , she was very nice .
0	it is just too darn small and busy .
1	and , free wi-fi !
0	wo n't go back .
0	but she must have confused us for someone else .
0	they were rude .
0	the b wing of the hospital is the worst !
1	everything was really great .
0	i 'm not so sure if i would go back .
1	i really enjoyed this place .
1	definitely the best seafood restaurant in las vegas !
1	ample parking space available in the lot .
0	surprisingly , i do n't remember finding white rice .
1	sticky rice = delicious .
0	she gave me the total as soon as i told her my first drink !
0	and the lighting in the bathroom was also badly in need of an upgrade .
1	thank you david !
1	portions are very generous and the service is fast and friendly .
0	overly over price to be in the hood !
1	she happily accommodated us even though she 's a wedding florist !
1	i am beyond pleased with my experience here !
0	the absolute worst chinese place i 've ever been to .
1	taylor 's is a consistently wonderful place for breakfast ... probably my favorite .
0	no flavor , the chicken was fatty .
1	overall it is one of my favorite breakfast places !
1	good service overall .
0	if you are reading this in search of a pediatrician .
1	love this store .
1	this is by far my favorite chinese restaurant in las vegas !
1	great service today and they had several big groups .
0	the manager taking our order got it wrong _num_ times .
1	i love this restaurant .
1	i was extremely impressed on how the staff jumped in and helped .
0	probably wo n't be back just because of this issue .
1	nice patio as well .
1	he really put effort into washing my car and he was very nice .
1	delicious and has good price .
0	i 'm very disappointed in the level of professionalism displayed in this location .
1	great experience .
0	first they made me get up _num_ times like i was not in pain .
0	seaweed is not supposed to be chewy like that !
0	once it took almost a month to get my computer back !
1	the mac and cheese is amazing .
0	melissa created a bad 1st experience for me at this place .
1	love this place !
0	not cool papa .
1	totally satisfied .
1	it 's always a good experience .
1	tiger woods and arnold palmer have played here .
1	the food taste great .
1	so good .
0	i called them and they advised that it was changed , but not updated .
1	amazing mac and cheese and amazing service of course the chicken is fire .
1	now i crave it !
1	service is nice , too .
1	pricy , but overall a good place to enjoy a dinner .
1	i 'll definitely be back in here .
1	i also had the steak hoagie , was delicious !
1	if you 're in the smoothie biz , please say it right .
0	very lousy hamburgers and service was awful .
0	really not sure what 's happened to the food here .
0	the fish was bad .
0	the manager was not any better .
0	unacceptable .
1	many flavors to pick from and the employees are always nice .
1	amazing service .
1	i always have had a good meal .
1	i will certainly be back .
0	she was nice , but the food is horrible .
1	it was as good as i remember .
0	our waitress was very rude and did n't make me feel welcomed at all .
0	management is horrible .
1	what a wonderful way to handle the whole event .
1	i would recommend to others .
0	i 'm pretty sure they noticed how unhappy we were .
0	it 's nothing really special .
1	her chair side manner is excellent .
1	thanks you guys it was a night to remember !
0	it does n't matter that you have a coupon .
1	this place is awesome !
0	two stars cuz the food sucked but the staff was nice !
0	i 've tried a number of times and the product is only passable .
1	the staff was a bit slow but very nice and friendly .
1	friendly , knowledgeable and convenient !
0	we sat at a booth ... it was fairly crowded .
1	service is always friendly and attentive .
1	good restaurant choice for the area for sure !
1	i highly recommend .
0	i was n't offered water and warm bread came out _num_ mins later .
1	check it out !
0	place is disgusting !
1	i 've been here twice so far and highly recommend it !
1	nice quality work !
1	great atmosphere and great food .
1	i highly recommend them if you 're looking for the best !
1	i 'll keep coming back .
1	great service and great atmosphere .
1	awesome margaritas and the three enchilada dinner was amazing !
1	coffee is always hot , service is prompt , and the portions are generous .
1	very simple , rustic fun .
1	the chip platter is excellent and we loved the sopapillas after dinner .
0	_num_ minutes later we still did not have it .
1	very welcome staffs .
0	i needed my stuff bottom line and before 8am .
0	just beware , not what it is cracked up to be .
1	saturday is their chili and it is also exceptional .
1	the salads are fresh .
0	it could only be used in the store , not online .
0	i will not be going back .
0	_num_ stars official rating .
1	great service .
0	well the syrup is the cheapest tasting syrup substitute i 've ever had .
1	a fun , great place to go to eat .
0	worse experience ever !
1	great food and service at a recent visit .
1	great service and great food .
1	so far , this is the best chinese i 've had in charlotte .
1	i could just eat that appetizer alone and be happy .
0	this place started out real good but then it kind of went down hill .
1	pizza was good !
1	this was a fun course to play .
0	so he instead gave us a medium sized pan and refunded us the difference .
1	best barber in the valley .
0	it was totally bland and was overwhelmed with ricotta cheese .
0	there was no personality in any workers .
0	the food was not good .
1	great food , great service , love the delivery .
1	i would definitely recommend them .
0	when she returned she stated my husband was $ _num_ short !
1	the owner is very honest and caring !
1	what a pleasurable stay .
1	kona pie yummy and served at perfect temperature .
0	i can not stress this enough ... do not go here .
1	the food is good , service is good and atmosphere is great !
0	a week later they said they would take three more days .
1	good egg rolls .
0	they have tables but really low seats and some tables with high <unk> .
1	quality of food is excellent !
1	i highly recommend them !
0	did n't even clean my cup holder .
1	free and beautiful .
0	not leaving happy or with glasses for my daughter .
1	the food was delicious and service excellent .
0	terrible terrible terrible .
0	first the phone call to the office was less than desired .
1	i highly recommend .
1	we 've been here twice and both times have been great !
1	i would highly recommend her to anyone looking for a new obgyn !
1	i 'm so happy with this veterinary practice .
0	was n't too good .
0	poor bull ... hardly even moves in there .
1	love this place !
1	loving hut has nice staff and the menu is great .
0	rude .
1	great service and great staff !
1	the best place to grab a sandwich in pittsburgh .
1	the bagels are definitely baked to perfection .
1	loved this place !
1	thank you cpk !
0	the fried doughnut with icecream and fruits dessert was delish !
1	this is a great restaurant for sushi .
1	summary : service was excellent , staff are all friendly and quality people .
0	this was very careless on on the shops part .
1	love this place , a vegas tradition .
1	tasty stuff !
1	pizza and wings are fantastic .
0	keep in mind i must have been one of _num_ customers in the store .
0	it was just soy mush .
1	highly recommend the ribs and the jamaican cowboy !
1	great food , esp .
1	really good veggie options and delicious tabouli in a cool neighborhood .
0	first , it 's been remodeled .
1	the staff is friendly and engaging at all of the exhibits .
0	i ordered pot stickers , corned beef sliders and french onion soup .
1	thanks , ryan and crew !
1	very impressed !
0	they do not have information cards at each fire truck .
0	i like wendy 's but this one is no good .
1	the apartments are incredibly spacious !
1	one of the best i have had since i moved up here .
1	the best swordfish i have ever tasted .
0	linda leads by a miserable , rude standard that only her team follows along .
1	the band on fridays was good blues band and well worth the entertainment .
1	this is definitely a company that takes pride in their business .
0	took another _num_ mins to get our orders taken .
0	also , if you have a cough stay home !
1	only thing we get from there and it 's so good .
1	the decor inside is really cool .
0	it was alright , not good not awful , and overpriced for the size .
1	he is definitely an asset to the verizon team .
0	had n't planned on using our plumbing skills .
0	mine on the other hand looked more like a pork chop .
0	found it pretty boring and plain .
1	i had dinner at samurai sams tonight and it was good .
0	after _num_ minutes we get our drink orders taken .
0	friendly barista but the place is dirty and rundown .
1	their entire team went above and beyond for my big day .
0	so now , i do n't know if i should make another payment .
1	i love this place and the friendly unpretentious people that make it run .
1	this is definitely the best burger i have ever had .
0	but the `` sirloin '' is definitely not .
1	always gon na love the black and gold !
0	and do n't tell me i 'm the first to experience this .
0	fries tasted like they were frozen , definitely nothing special .
1	the food was good .
1	i really enjoy this place .
1	every single thing is delicious !
1	the quality of this hotel far exceeded my expectations .
1	it was pretty good .
1	lee was my nail lady and she was so lovely !
1	service somewhat lacking but great experience overall .
1	all of the best to this restaurant .
1	such an amazing view and the food is _num_ star .
0	it was a little runny and the dip to chips ratio was disappointing .
0	zero stars for her .
0	why only _num_ stars ?
1	bartender with the beard and baseball cap is cool .
1	best korean food i 've ever had !
0	with employees like these they may go out of business .
0	the hotel is a little shabby .
1	the wings are nicely sized and always loaded with sauce .
1	their fish is top quality and they have the nicest employees !
0	valet charges $ _num_ ... okay .
0	these guys are idiots .
1	not the case here , this was well done .
1	outstanding .
1	yumm yummy !
1	the food was great .
1	so effing good !
0	sure , there are great doctors and nurses here just like any hospital .
0	nothing like being given a happy hour menu after happy hour is over .
1	love this airport .
1	this is by far still the best starbucks ever !
1	best bakery in pittsburgh !
0	the place is just dirty .
1	i highly recommended him !
0	the other three times , it was so bad , i give up .
0	every other rental place has 3-5 agents helping .
0	i walked out went to a competitor n found my dress .
1	brought the kids here to ride the rides and play in the arcade .
1	she was both nervous and excited , but she did a great job .
0	both dried out and died .
1	this place made me love pittsburgh .
0	i walked out to the lake to a bunch of dirty tables and left .
1	love this place !
1	this is a quality butcher shop if you want to get quality meats .
0	my mac and cheese side would have been better if it was hot .
0	i was a long time customer of this business , but never again .
0	_num_ on a monday night .
1	valentines dinner was excellent !
0	i could not believe how unprofessional these employees were .
1	the service was great and the food did not disappoint .
0	portions were small and way overpriced .
1	not very fancy , but a really great place .
0	i have never been to a wedding where the guests could not take pictures .
1	tasty crusts , juicy wings , incredible sauces ... we love you guys !
0	nothing is written as return policy .
1	i have to admit , i kinda love alice cooperstown .
0	the makeup mirror was hanging off the wall ready to fall .
0	if you are seeking quantity and not quality marigold should be consideration .
1	my favorite phoenix restaurant .
0	pollo con queso was tasteless .
1	best leg massage in charlotte !
1	so thank you to the store and its staff .
0	it has not been bad .
0	i would give this place half a star if i could .
1	great food and service .
1	i had the _num_ inch spicy italian today .
0	do n't get me wrong there were service techs there in their offices .
1	always good .
1	the restaurant is a little bit small but nice .
1	food is very delicious .
0	what hotel does n't keep the smoke alarm batteries changed on a regular schedule ?
1	if you like reading what everyone else reads , you 'll be well served .
1	you 'll love this place .
1	its very mom & pop , but professional and fun at the same time .
1	the best customer service !
1	i live _num_ miles away and the service is worth the drive .
0	do not stay here .
0	it is too bad that there are no zero stars options .
0	i purchased a huge calzone using my debit card .
0	when i arrived no one had any idea what was going on .
1	the staff is wonderful and helpful .
1	i rate the experience as followed .
0	this place is very unprofessional and not recommended .
0	washington restaurants i know .
1	good pizza , good wings , friendly service , relaxed atmosphere .
1	i got it to go but the place looked pretty cool to eat at !
1	this place is fantastic !
1	it turned out to be a _num_ minute wait but the sandwich was amazing !
1	best pizza in town !
0	the quality was n't anything to write about so i wo n't .
1	gus is great .
1	it was fantastic !
1	like i said , very generous potions !
1	i love this store !
1	i have had one mani and one pedi done and i love both .
0	note : sure deposit is a joke .
1	this is about as authentic as you can get north of the border .
0	well ... that was crap .
1	( refills , extra napkins , to go boxes ) .
1	this place has very good food and definitely friendly servers .
1	everything is lined up nicely .
1	great meal .
1	hands down the best bar food in charlotte .
0	at this point i was livid and could not respond .
1	the marinara sauce was really good .
1	people are happy shopping here , and it 's a nice experience .
1	i would recommend this store to anyone .
1	compared to the strip casinos it is very relaxed and laid back here .
1	anyone from the south knows that those are the best donuts ever !
1	a classic american donut shop .
1	the landscaping is really beautiful and the trees are really tall .
1	always love coming to this chili 's .
0	the potato soup was bland except for being too salty .
0	that 's not honest business . ''
0	hey , i could have gone to capital grill for not that much more .
0	why do they hire folks that dont care about their job ?
1	this is a family owned business .
0	really bad experience .
0	please do n't waste your money staying here .
0	still , i would n't go with them again .
0	people in this part of town also can not read or count money .
1	they have great specials all the time and i love their fresh brewed coffee .
1	i love their food anyway !
0	seriously , do n't go here .
0	the food is just ok , nothing special at all .
1	returns are easy and painless .
0	it was cold , but certainly not proper temperature .
1	he truly is a super guy to work on your car .
1	it 's an incredibly rich dish .
1	this place has fantastic food and lots of vegetarian options .
1	the right of us all loved our meals .
0	no one came in to let me know they are running behind .
1	i will definitely come here again !
0	i will not be returning .
0	right off the bat , our server was rude and disinterested .
1	everything was great .
1	and their service is definitely _num_ stars too .
0	the portions are tiny , and the pho broth leaves you unsatisfied .
0	it was a joke how little food i got .
0	almost seemed like they have the same chicken for the philly and fajita sandwich .
0	poor service provided by the scheduling staff .
1	i got new windows about a year ago .
1	i 'll definitely be back !
0	completely downhill from there .
0	please stay away and spend your money somewhere else !
1	after getting a brake job this afternoon ( thanks , rusty !
0	fish tacos have no taste , shrimp tacos came out ice cold .
0	we give them a _num_ because there was no zero or less .
1	they deliver consistent great service that we can count on .
0	do n't eat here .
0	the only reason they get two stars is for the restaurants .
0	i know i will never stay in this hotel again .
1	she is a friendly host and smiling all the time .
0	ridiculous !
1	and the food is very , very good .
0	took about _num_ minutes for out waitress to even acknowledge we were there .
0	there was no wait here .
1	cool dive bar and restaurant .
0	if you want authentic chinese food this is not the place .
0	she said `` ok '' and walked away .
0	sadly my experience was less than enjoyable .
0	i 've never even had a highlight without two colors sitting on the tray .
1	these chairs are awesome !
1	friendly staff , clean , & a great place to work out !
0	it was horrific !
1	fast , fresh , and delicious !
1	they fix everything in a timely manner .
0	whatever it was , i ca n't believe i paid $ _num_ for it .
1	i also liked dining outside .
1	delicious .
0	needless to say , we walked out .
1	so worth it !
0	you can hardly see the stage and the sound is terrible .
0	or soggy ass salt shrimp .
1	and they 've added some new foods !
1	it was so good !
0	warning warning warning !
0	huh , not really sure why .
0	by this point i 'm pretty upset , not gon na lie .
0	not very complicated .
1	i would definitely recommend this place .
1	great service always !
1	the food was great .
0	at this time , im like , really bro ?
1	quiet and good for reading while sipping tea .
1	the food was good and plentiful .
1	the prices are great and the selection can not be beat .
1	the blackberry sorbet was a perfect finish .
1	seemed like a great joint to me !
0	it sucks because the few food items i 've had have been pretty tasty .
1	best sushi we have ever had !
0	this place is n't worth the $ _num_ for _num_ with a cart .
0	next time will just go to pa change next door .
0	the gym will be closed in june _num_ .
0	one of the worst individuals i 've ever had to deal with .
1	he took the time to talk to me and was extremely kind .
1	food came out timely and was hot and tasty .
1	this place is so legit !
0	waitress was rude and avoided my inquire of service .
0	trouble getting a table at pf changs ?
1	you also receive a discount at the gift shop .
1	i have been there twice and enjoyed the food both times .
1	great job .
0	i wish i could give no stars at all !
1	friendly baristas and fast service .
1	definitely recommend the anchovies on the caesar .
1	they do excellent repairs for reasonable price .
1	great tiny place in southside .
1	definitely coming back if service stays at this level .
1	generous portions of good food at a reasonable price .
1	great when i travel as my membership is good at any location .
1	would highly recommend it !
1	thai taste is one of my favorite restaurants .
1	i love my hair cut and how quickly she got me in and out !
0	the neighborhood was iffy and i was scared to leave the hotel after dark .
1	it was amazing .
0	the only good time to go is when it 's nearly empty .
1	i had surgery here and had a positive experience from beginning to end .
0	it 's small crowded and hard to navigate .
1	it was nice while it lasted .
1	well .
1	great customer service .
1	they inspected it , found the problem and fixed it for a reasonable price .
1	the staff , the food all great !
0	i stayed at the palace station with my husband and friends for two days .
1	the staff is very nice , smiling and happy attitudes .
0	they just need a better starting product !
1	ingredients and preparation match authentic ny delis for me .
0	i came back around the north entrance and stopped my car .
0	this place is soon so gross .
1	excellent selection of local beers on tap , friendly staff .
1	they also have popcorn and peanuts and a reasonable juke box .
1	i love it when servers know how to treat children .
1	best church ever .
1	beautiful atmosphere and decor , would n't change a thing .
0	i booked an appointment for my dad .
1	thank you national car rental !
1	their japanese beer and sake are also delicious .
1	cheba hut makes great tasting sandwiches .
1	the rice and filet are amazing !
1	this is a fantastic place for the family to get great pizza .
1	i thanked him and apologized sincerely .
1	the service is as great as the cuisine .
1	best cheesesteaks in town hands down .
0	in addition we drove down historic route _num_ .
0	i was unhappy with my room upon arrival .
0	totally rude employees .
0	i was not offered a choice of dressings .
1	he was nice , thorough and helpful .
0	their fish sandwich is only famous for being awful !
1	excellent experience !
1	i could go on forever ... eat at sweet tomatoes !
0	he kept loudly requesting a credit card and the women did not have one .
1	good drink and food specials .
1	nothing but top notch service from this dealer .
0	all that wait and the food sucks and was cold .
1	it has the perfect amount of meat seasoning and topping .
0	so rude .
1	overall animal hospital is great .
1	i 've tried a few different dishes that i have enjoyed .
0	my husband got the worst haircut ever today from jackie .
1	a lot of variety .
0	blah blah blah .
1	had a nice walk around after food .
1	great service .
0	but this is sushi , not a steakhouse .
1	the store is always clean and their employees are always welcoming and helpful .
0	such a disappointment .
1	excellent welcome from front desk when we arrived .
0	poor response from waitress .
0	my food was plain and boring .
0	she then proceeded to spread wax all over my face !
0	side of vegetable was clearly a frozen vegetable mix .
1	they do an amazing job and give exactly what you want .
0	i was wrong !
1	everything is freshly prepared .
0	it 's two months later and no gift card !
1	you can actually see the pizza guy placing them in the brick oven .
1	it 's nicely decorated and has a spacious layout .
1	amazing .
0	they refuse to help me or take any ownership of their mistake .
1	second time here and had another great time .
1	this place is outstanding .
1	the staff is friendly and remember us every time .
1	the good is delicious , i 've never ordered something i have n't loved .
1	it is a small place inside , nothing special .
0	guess i was spoiled living in northern va .
1	service is always good .
0	then i realized they did n't put the meatballs in the pasta .
1	good and tasty food.
0	`` two regular tacos , no sauce , extra lettuce . ''
1	yep , i said it !
1	the food is prepared fresh , and is very good .
0	we had been to the one in phoenix and the cuban sandwich was awesome .
0	i am _num_ .
1	amazing lunch specials !
0	it was a bad first experience and a last one for me .
0	the baristas were rude and pushy with their products .
1	great price as well .
0	not really my job as the customer to go looking for a warm body .
1	i always go back because of the wonderful service .
1	they do excellent work .
1	right across the street from a gas station and fast food .
1	wow , i started this review last year and never finished it .
1	best sports bar that i 've been to in charlotte .
0	do n't expect fresh food .
0	first : i ordered my lunch and paid for it .
0	no refill on ice tea .
0	despite my high expectations , this restaurant barely made mediocre .
1	food is great and the service is spot on .
1	nothing sophisticated .
1	whatever you get , it 'll be delicious .
0	another hour goes by , no sub .
1	loved this place !
0	my husband and i stopped for take-out .
0	i was in town and took a chance , and it was a mistake .
0	today pissed me off too .
1	take a chance and wander here .
1	always good service .
0	he was rude and did n't really listen to me .
1	the food was super delicious !
1	so fun to have a place like this in the strip .
1	it seems clean and is quite airy actually .
1	great food at very reasonable prices .
0	the man tells me $ _num_ each way .
1	highly recommend fashion nails .
1	that 's going above and beyond !
0	also it 's a bit unpleasant hearing the waitstaff complain about their tips .
1	this was perfect for us .
1	several months later i still remember the service and experience here .
1	thank you !
1	they also have great service and reasonable prices .
1	always excited to go and always feel great walking out .
0	i ca n't even describe the taste .
0	vegetable roll was good , but not exceptional .
1	but the decor is a plus !
0	lastly , the people that work there are rude .
0	the employees were n't very friendly .
0	maybe i do n't look like a motorcycle mama .
1	always has the newest movies .
1	i love my dogs a lot and am hard to please about their care .
1	staff was very friendly and helpful .
0	unfortunately , the dish was rock solid .
1	definitely recommend !
0	i lost .
0	i needed something to wash down the dry enchilada .
0	the worst thing that will _num_ % keep me from returning was the water .
1	they do a great job .
0	so yes i gave it a two star rating because of service .
0	nothing except to offer to bring me a small fan and offer apologies .
1	every roll i 've had here has been quality .
1	love this place !
0	i 've never been overly impressed with hyatt .
1	great friendly staff !
1	both impressed .
0	i made an order today and attempted to pay with exact change .
1	very nice bar with great selection of craft beers and good wine .
1	tasty baked subs !
1	so much to see .
1	this shop is great if you have a honda or acura .
0	sorry i wasted my time .
0	no lemon .
1	crispy and juicy , cooked to perfection .
1	the atmosphere is good whether it 's lunch time or dinner time .
0	i did n't eat my fries , did n't like the flavor .
1	will definitely visit again .
1	a great place for pictures too .
1	professional and a perfect move , could not ask for more .
1	the chicken is moist and tender , with a nice smoky teriyaki flavor .
0	if i could give zero stars i would .
1	great pastor ( name ?
1	the service has always been wonderful and they make a great pizza .
1	their bread is the best !
1	junior hooks it up !
1	i love the food .
1	the calamari was so different and delicious !
1	their salads and wraps are always fresh .
1	kelly seated and waited on us today .
1	delivery great .
1	quality food !
1	they were great with the tasting ( yum ! )
1	we will definitely take out from them again , just wished we lived closer .
0	he did n't get the chocolate milk until after we were done eating .
0	bad service , worse food .
0	i do n't know why i continue to come here .
1	very good noodle shop .
1	great hospital .
0	annoying .
1	food was absolutely fantastic .
0	the final disaster was the fried gnocchi .
1	hopefully they bring em back next year .
1	this is what a breakfast spot should be like .
1	the kids that work there are actually friendly and personable .
0	but i got no response from him .
1	i have eaten here more times than i can count over the years .
0	very bad people skills .
1	food is always fresh and fast .
1	everyone was very nice here .
1	their portion is pretty large .
1	another good thing is that there is absolutely no smoking inside the terminals .
0	you ca n't really see the raw dough you have to feel it .
0	so there it is , plain and true !
1	i recommend it .
0	i did n't actually set out to find this one .
1	food was quick and delicious !
1	my wife and i love it here and swing through often .
0	man , my visit here was sad .
0	not this time .
1	nice and clean .
0	very disappointed .
1	he also has a certified masseuse in the office .
0	his skill sucks and could n't even do the onion volcano correctly .
1	after a recommendation , i headed to select auto body .
1	the grand slam was good to .
0	i went back here finally after _num_ years of staying away .
0	seating is not available at typical eating times and lines may be long .
0	because all i could see was fatty burgers .
0	total bill $ _num_ for two !
0	i was so furious that i did n't even want to talk him .
0	do n't eat this dirty food with terrible customer service .
0	the sewer <unk> in the park are old and are being replaced through out .
1	great food and a great atmosphere even during the supper rush !
1	good menu , clean atmosphere , friendly staff .
1	delicious naan try the special naan ... soooo good !
1	it 's our go-to place for every special occasion .
1	very clean as well .
0	that , or she did n't care .
1	i am so happy at paradise nails .
1	i enjoy this place at happy hour as they have some really go prices .
1	this place is amazing .
1	they have the best garlic edamame .
1	and the espresso is good , too !
1	i was pleased the first time and equally happy the second time .
0	you have been warned .
0	maybe it 's the corporate management bs that was in the way .
1	what a wonderful place for a quick breakfast !
1	food is delicious , on the expensive side but worth it .
1	we will be the most beautiful wedding party ever .
0	there is a reason why it is empty on a sunday night .
0	the shell at park and scott is so much nicer .
1	overall , it 's very enjoyable .
0	so called `` mild '' wings are not that mild .
1	this was our first time here , and it was a very happy find !
0	people are rude .
0	do not count on them to do what they say they will do .
0	i 'm disappointed .
1	so filling you may be tempted to pass out in the elevator yourself .
0	it was disappointing .
0	low and behold , our sundaes were delivered to the table in styrofoam .
1	it 's very much worth the little extra to come here .
1	service was excellent .
1	great food , great atmosphere , great service !
0	yep it was not good .
1	nice atmosphere and friendly staff .
1	great outside seating .
0	just walked in with my _num_ year old mother yesterday afternoon .
1	free pool on fridays , good guinness , and free poker on friday nights .
1	wait let me tell you about the salsa !
1	this is a family establishment , husband and wife team .
1	really really happy with the quality , price and service here .
1	although it maybe expensive , it is definitely worth it !
1	we always seem to just have the soup , it 's good every time .
1	very cool guys and girls over there ... head in and check em out !
1	the spring rolls and egg rolls are equally delicious .
0	it 's almost like there is too much breading on them .
1	so easy to navigate .
1	i 'm a sandwich junkie , and this place is my favorite .
0	she claimed his ca drivers license confused her .
1	just went here for the first time today and had a lovely experience !
1	another plus is their classes which is held in the back of the shop .
1	it was every bit as good as the reviews rave .
1	check this place out !
1	my hairstylist recommended i go here and i 'm very happy i did !
1	the food is excellent and consistent .
1	paul is the best bartender .
0	apart from that everything was pretty bland compared to what other indian restaurants offer .
1	very kind of him .
1	lively fun place with people to match .
1	trustworthy and friendly crew here .
1	my husband and i shopped around and public storage had the best rates .
0	the ladies at the front desk are completely rude and unprofessional .
1	good service and fair prices .
1	easy layout .
0	this diner , in comparison , is kinda the equivalent to friendly 's .
0	the blinds are broken and nasty , the ceiling fans are nasty .
1	excellent as usual .
1	i love the burgers here , especially when i do a no <unk> diet !
0	the selection was very limited .
1	highly recommend this place if you 're in town .
0	this place was just eh .
0	( i have not been to a hooters in almost _num_ years ) .
0	then the manager told me we would not have sold one in the condition .
1	quite delicious .
1	gorgeous color with highlights .
1	they are fast and my car always looks great !
0	i 'm sure i could have whipped up something similar at home .
0	buying drinks by the pitcher is fine but it 's soda ... seriously ?
1	nina knows best !
0	but the rest of the club leaves something to be desired .
1	i very much enjoy stadium tours .
0	just limit your expectations .
1	their pizza cookie desert is awesome as well .
0	absurd !
1	love these donuts !
1	the food is amazing .
0	orange chicken was just ok , not good but ok .
1	they made it easy and flexible to rent a car on my terms .
0	i 'll utilize another tour company during my next charlotte visit .
1	weather is great this time of year .
0	i hate to say it but wells fargo makes this place look bad .
1	i finally made it over spring break and it was fantastic !
0	not here .
0	the potatos were soggy with no flavor almost as if they were mashed .
0	_num_ ) went there on july 3rd for karaoke .
1	the bouquet i got was beautiful .
0	my husband purchased some of their house made hot sausage .
1	the restaurant very clean and service is superior .
1	thank you for taking such good care of my cat !
0	are you kidding me ?
0	i have no clue why this place has good reviews .
0	that is not cool .
1	their beans are top notch and i love their shrimp plate .
1	gold bar espresso is a cozy , locally owned and operated coffee spot .
1	i love that they have many different class times to choose from .
1	as good as this , i mean .
1	very good food .
1	good food , good atmosphere , friendly staff .
0	while not impressive or particularly flavorful , the food sticks to your ribs .
1	i highly recommend them !
1	staff is helpful , knowledgeable and friendly .
1	we had a great time at the arizona country club .
1	great staff managed by an awesome owner ( kyle ) .
0	we obviously purchased from them , we had their tank .
1	the sashimi was fresh .
0	recently i got the veggie fajitas .
1	very fast service , and my favorite pizza joint in town .
1	overall very happy with the place .
0	she did n't say anything to me and just stared at the computer .
0	and seems to have done more bad than good .
1	i loved looking at the decor in lidia 's .
1	one of my favorite place to volunteer .
0	im never going back there again .
0	as i got to my house , he said he would charge me double .
0	but no i received nothing of the sort .
0	i went with a patty melt , and was not impressed .
1	we finished with apple <unk> and ice cream , also amazing .
1	the girls were so nice and knew a lot about the area .
1	this place has the best carne asada burrito i have ever had .
0	a room with down pillows and down comforter !
0	my main job was preparing the famous corned beef hash in the hawaii locations .
0	the employees are rude , inconsiderate and could care less what you think .
0	for starters , apparently the wrong person took our order .
1	this staff is some of the best around !
0	did not finish my pancakes , and will likely not be returning .
0	she thanked me for the information about this place .
0	the service was so terrible i will not go back .
0	oh yea ... the oj machine broken ugh means no oj .
1	had the spicy ninja specialty roll and loved the crunch and flavor !
1	service is excellent and the prices are extremely reasonable .
0	she took down my info and i never heard from her .
1	heart of gold !
0	zero flavor and dry as hell .
0	by mistake , she received a cheese enchilada instead .
1	i love tram 's .
0	the warranty will be valid , just need to contact customer service .
0	by far one of the worst hotel experiences of my entire life .
1	good selections .
1	the experience was fairly good .
1	i love coming here because i always get my fill and more .
0	the prices here can be ridiculous .
1	staff is always super friendly and has a genuine interest in helping others .
0	gross !
1	very nice little local coffee shop .
1	new image med spa is an amazing place to have services done .
0	would n't recommend eating dinner here but the desserts did look splendid .
1	this is a pretty nice and clean hotel .
0	located at just the corner where hell breaks loose on the streets of arizona .
0	i loved olive garden but after today it 's the worst restaurant ever !
1	i had a great time at this museum .
0	we went _num_ minutes with no drinks or acknowledgement .
0	service was shoddy .
1	i was the only one there , so it was nice and quiet .
1	they are super friendly and their prices are great !
0	however i thought the receptionist was very rude .
1	this is my favorite concert venue .
1	great pizza , and some of the best wings in town .
0	kept wanting to drive back and let them know .
1	he is great .
1	thank you for all the help and great work .
0	i feel sorry for them .
1	the food was good and the servers both very helpful .
0	no calls .
1	if you are looking for something different and delicious , ian is the place !
1	freshly made and delicious .
1	just the best cajun food around !
1	breakfast food is excellent , so is the service and restaurant .
1	good location .
1	the best sushi place in vegas i have found .
0	i like to eat healthy and this hotel has nothing but burgers and fries .
1	it was a pretty young crowd the night that i went .
1	breakfast on sunday morning was pretty good .
1	great sea bass and honey walnut shrimp .
1	i wish we lived closer to this wonderful city !
0	now we 're walking around and teenage boys starts throwing around balls .
0	poor service .
1	wife got the mixed veggie curry and loved it as well .
1	here is what is good about this place - no lines !
0	here is the problem , the chile verde was lacking any flavor at all .
1	jersey mike 's tuesday special is awesome .
0	i would not suggest this bar to anyone .
1	but worth the trip .
1	it looks like a dive but the food was really good .
1	our waitress was excellent .
1	great food and good service .
1	absolutely great !
1	great food .
1	the service is always exceptional !
1	will definitely be back .
1	the flavor of the beef and chicken shawarma was magical .
0	worst studio in vegas for sure .
0	stupid .
1	the vibe of this place is great .
1	best ranch in town !
0	both pieces were delivered damaged .
1	but , a descent place and great company .
1	tuesdays are even better because it 's wing day !
1	not really my thing , but a great experience and a really cool place .
0	had beyond the worst customer service at this location .
0	i wo n't be back .
0	i unfortunately did not enjoy my experience here .
0	very messy and unorganized ... not too many clothes or shoes to choose from .
0	did n't seem to want to help me.
0	it was just meh .
1	love this man .
1	the food here is very inexpensive and is very good .
0	noisy , dirty , poorly renovated and the worst customer service known to man .
1	the selection they have is amazing and the flowers always look amazing upon delivery .
0	was told there would be no problem .
1	, awesome desserts ... .
1	it is so rich and creamy .
0	never again will i take my dog there .
0	it took them _num_ hours to deliver my one pizza .
1	i had driven by this place so many times and finally stopped in yesterday .
1	i had a fantastic day here .
0	food was lousy .
0	this was neither , instead it was an offensive dish to chinese standards .
1	consistent food quality .
1	first time there left a positive impression .
1	dr. brown has been a pleasure to work with .
0	wrong again .
1	if you are ever in madison , please go here !
1	good !
1	today they use fresh , local , seasonal ingredients to make true italian cuisines .
0	if this is personalized service , i 'd rather stay at a motel .
1	restaurant was clean and seating was nice .
0	the garlic naan was soggy because they drenched it in a buttery sauce .
0	the only thing i could think is they were hoping shift changes ?
1	but everyone on the staff was helpful and quite pleasant .
0	if i could give this place less than _num_ star i would .
1	the service is also very good .
1	it quick and easy and the staff has always been friendly .
0	i would not recommend .
0	she basically made him feel like he could not leave without buying that insurance .
0	that by no means makes up for bad service .
1	i love your fresh vegetables and fruits .
1	they have an amazing and unique selection and are always bringing in new stock .
1	i love their tofu soup .
1	i really had no expectations but this place just blew my mind !
0	the beef was overcooked and there was not enough sauce .
1	amazing place !
1	marilyn made my eyes more beautiful than i thought they could be .
0	the pho tasted like nothing .
1	i had the salmon dinner and wow !
0	i also bought some hair gel , it was decently priced .
0	but just ... just get it together , dude .
0	did n't take a sip , by the way .
0	the toppings on my salad were barely there .
0	i feel like i should only be spending maybe $ _num_ .
0	so i asked if i could do it myself and she said no .
0	other than that nothing was worth eating .
1	i love this place .
0	i will never make the mistake of coming here again .
0	the employees are incredibly pushy to upsell you on a simple car wash .
1	this is a wonderful neighborhood gem .
1	we love the atmosphere and the food .
1	will definitely be back !
1	best pizza in charlotte !
1	this place has a back to the future themed slot machine !
1	friendly folks .
0	fries rather than onion rings last time , despite being clear .
1	perfection .
1	the rest of the staff was awesome as well .
0	upon walking in the host did not even greet us .
1	the tacos always hit the spot .
0	just had a pretty disappointing lunch experience here today .
0	there are better clinics that you can trust .
1	he goes above and beyond to make you feel comfortable .
1	the service tech was friendly and quite professional .
0	it needs an attitude and staff adjustment .
1	they were amazing !
0	service was bad , waitress was extremely rude .
1	i love this place !
1	i absolutely loved the food here .
0	foul , foul , foul .
1	best sushi in henderson and las vegas !
0	some meat was hard too .
0	but not great either .
1	: ) it 's smaller than usual .
1	good stay overall .
1	the food is amazing .
1	service was on point and spectacular , and the food was great !
1	i love it so much .
1	delicious !
0	no discount offered for the inconvenience .
1	great hole in the wall restaurant !
1	it rivals <unk> 's in chandler .
1	the staff was nice and service was prompt .
1	love all the options to catch the latest in sports entertainment !
0	overpriced , salty and overrated !
1	fun !
0	with bags we really did need the golf cart of the bell service .
1	when i picked the ring up few days later it looked amazing .
0	i also got mac and cheese , bbq ribs , and green beans .
0	foodies this pie is not for you .
0	it is what it is people .
1	the food is excellent .
1	thank you very much , <unk> .
1	so good .
1	definitely will come again !
1	the sashimi is the best .
1	i love this place , and hope that you do too !
1	very tasty dinner , great service on a very special day for us !
1	they have a lot of food options and everything we ordered was amazing .
0	it is n't .
1	the spinach artichoke dip and white pita pizza is good .
1	it 's a dive and i love it .
1	one such special is half price pizza on thursdays .
1	nice presentation and clean surroundings .
0	they did not even cook it fresh .
0	the same owner 's mimosa grill in uptown charlotte is much better .
1	love going to this store .
0	wo n't be coming back .
0	i expected he food to be much better than it was for the prices .
0	it was as if they closed the place down and just left us .
1	best mexican restaurant in town and a local favorite .
1	we always have good service .
1	anthony got me in quickly .
1	on top of it all the staff is friendly and efficient .
0	i would n't give this place a star if i did n't have to .
0	the cooks ca n't cook .
0	was n't very clean .
1	this place is great !
1	the service is amazing , too !
1	the ricotta cheesecake was a hit as well .
1	for all family birthdays we always go here to celebrate .
1	great experience with the parts department overall .
1	first of all ... .
0	am i visiting at the wrong time ?
1	i love dr. ito and his staff !
0	never once did she apologize for stepping on my shoe twice .
0	we were then not followed up with by her , or even acknowledged again .
1	one of our favorites !
0	stay away from thai rama if you do n't want to be disappointed .
0	not worth the hassle .
0	this past visit brought my review to a _num_ star rating .
0	sadly , this is not the first time this has happened .
1	the steak was tender and juicy .
1	their chips and salsa are always great as well .
0	once inside the room i was horribly disappointed by what i saw .
1	we look forward to our next visit !
1	he was absolutely correct .
1	they have a good selection of frames too .
1	the food is great .
0	um ... no i do n't want a hot chocolate ... it 's july !
0	to add insult to injury , our check was full priced .
1	thank you guys for all the hard work !
1	oh yeah , they have really great groceries , too .
0	she could barely speak english .
1	delicious !
1	they give you a lot of food .
1	overall , great experience and we will come again .
1	all american saved me a great deal of money !
0	would not go back again if i want ice cream .
1	this place is wonderful .
0	it was n't great , really nothing here was .
0	do n't be fooled by the nice beds and sheets .
1	at this point & time the best burgers in vegas .
0	not the best but not the worst .
0	really dreadful .
0	the staff is snotty and managers do n't care .
0	i will say , the staff was courteous and friendly .
1	will be coming back more often .
0	service was n't great either .
1	my wife got sausage and it was great .
0	none have ever been great .
1	the ice is decent , the lighting good and the locker rooms clean .
0	i think she sure deserve the golden globe for that one .
1	i would highly recommend sierra and their customer service .
0	the pizza was really greasy , and the bacon was minimal .
0	the person `` helping '' us acted disinterested and bored .
1	if its a nice day , request a seat on their outdoor patio !
1	cool place !
1	staff was fantastic , food was fantastic , and the view was amazing !
0	what a mistake .
1	they have a huge cocktail menu !
0	it was old and outdated , and hot !
1	very kind and friendly staff .
0	the price was very comparable to walk in nail salons in the area .
1	the waitress remembered what we drank so that was great .
0	later they gave out mozzarella stick samples ... stale as hell .
0	do not eat here unless you want food poisoning .
1	great food !
0	mine was cold and not complete .
1	our waitress was friendly and efficient , and the casual surroundings were pleasant .
1	i always make an appointment with van .
1	thank you !
1	i like the layout , it 's cute and simple .
1	free shuttle service !
1	the fact that it is open 24/7 is a huge plus .
0	there is no way i would have made it in on my own .
1	very experienced staff .
1	definitely returning .
1	good carne asada burrito .
0	the pm mark was pretty sub-par in my opinion .
0	im thinking they were just having a bad day .
1	tortillas are made fresh to order !
1	warm soup really hits the spot at <unk> in vegas .
0	ghetto , and rude customer service !
1	the service is always so good here and they are so friendly !
0	there are too many other car services available .
1	this along with the consistency of food keeps me coming .
0	not surprisingly , again the call never came .
1	it was very authentic japanese and the sushi was incredible .
1	a very warm interaction and some of the friendliest i have witnessed in retail .
0	okay so then back to the guac ... .
0	_num_ minutes later , she returned with a couple waters and took our order .
0	the ambiance is even worse !
0	breakfast however is entirely different .
0	i think they just really need to take everything up a notch .
1	our favorite local sushi place !
1	also the boy who helps is great too !
0	will not be back to this location .
1	amazing botanical gardens with beautiful walks and calming oasis along the trails .
0	the chicken was cold , dry , and tough .
1	d 's is a classic pittsburgh joint .
0	also our sushi smelled very very fishy it was almost gross .
1	also helps that they match internet pricing .
0	a tip should be no ones business besides the one receiving it .
1	enjoyed a wonderful breakfast this morning .
1	my engine is running perfectly after my last visit .
1	queso was outstanding .
1	this place is a staple !
0	one star only because you ca n't do zero stars .
1	the atmosphere is laid-back , and the service is fine .
1	our food was delicious .
0	idk , he did n't or really could n't explain , language issues .
1	i got a haircut while engaging in a pleasant conversation with her .
0	just disgusted that i threw my money away .
0	stop letting people smoke in non-smoking rooms .
1	good food .
0	the service was terrible , the food was bad and prices had gone up .
1	so yummy !
1	excellent service , great food , very super good !
1	best mexican food in phoenix .
1	the service was great .
1	great service .
0	horse pictures - is old west , not mexican .
0	did n't even bother to ask if i liked my nails .
0	unfortunately , it did n't work out as well as i would have liked .
1	the sushi is fantastic , very high quality and fresh !
1	phenomenal !
1	killer !
0	that _num_ star on top of my review should be _num_ .
1	i worked with dr. p and dr. moore and our pups love them .
1	it was just the young refreshing <unk> i needed .
1	it is one of our favorite happy hour places .
1	they are the most knowledgable and friendly people to deal with .
0	i will not be entering this place ever again !
1	definitely one of the better places to get ramen .
1	great service ( a waitress named emily ) .
0	cox sucks .
1	plenty of parking , clean grounds , it was very well maintained .
1	i would highly recommend this resort to everyone and would definitely stay here again .
0	not the best way to get new customers .
0	i would give it zero stars , if the option was available .
1	both were fabulous and filling .
1	the service was fantastic !
1	this is a rare company that really cares about their service and standards .
0	horrible experience !
1	this is my favorite place for steak !
0	the last three times i went , grill marks on steak are burnt .
0	so really need better planning .
1	the staff were very friendly and helpful .
0	( no it has nothing to do with their insurance ) .
0	it was the worst experience we ever had since we moved here in _num_ .
0	it was easy to shop because there is not many people in the aisles .
1	the staff were all nice , and wonderful .
1	service was very friendly and cared about our experience .
1	they look stunning in my home .
0	if i could give cox a rating of zero stars i would !
0	on the morning of the delivery , i called for my window .
1	classic barber shop is one of the best in phoenix .
1	food is fresh and fast .
0	usually a bite or two is good , then it just gets really gross .
0	i would n't recommend sending kids here .
1	excellent hospitality .
1	fun tourist attraction !
0	guess i should have known when it was empty at lunch time .
0	it has n't been for quite a few years .
1	i really kind of liked this little store .
1	totally recommend !
0	after waiting _num_ minutes , i was given my pizza .
1	all the rolls we ordered were delicious .
1	the service was also very good !
0	two days later , we visited this restaurant again .
0	they never returned emails or messages to resolve the situation .
0	but i placed the order online , then i am on hold again .
1	always a great place to have breakfast !
0	i order # _num_ with watermelon kool-aid and my cousin ordered chicken strips .
1	thank you so much big o team ... .
0	no way you 're actually getting either of those meats in the dishes .
0	later called me and told me the part `` was on back order ! ''
0	should i leave the tip for the service we had ?
1	we are so coming back here to eat next year !
1	the restaurant is located above ( approx .
1	this place is great !
1	i love this place .
0	i thought he was kidding at first , but he was n't !
0	he said nothing to us .
1	always buy my <unk> here for last _num_ years , thank you discount tire !
1	all organic !
1	i stayed here at holiday inn for work .
0	he had grabbed me pushed me to the ground after throwing a punch ... .
0	the rooms were old and gross .
0	no apologies for the mistakes both times .
1	we ordered in for work and it turned out great .
1	as expected the room was very clean and it smelled very fresh as well .
1	decent size family style mexican restaurant .
0	then they billed me $ _num_ for not going back to them .
0	this is the most awful , unorganized pediatric office i have ever been to .
1	i 'll definitely be back .
0	worst experience at an olive garden ever !
1	best italian food i have had in years !
1	great service too .
1	keep up the great work .
0	the bed was clean but springs could be felt through the mattress .
1	oh yes my friends it was goodness in my belly !
0	this place needs to be put out of business .
0	this is insane .
0	very disappointed .
1	just wanted to 2nd the high marks on the happy hour menu .
1	i love postino .
1	always friendly and helpful if looking for a deal !
1	the family who owns it is a great family .
0	but i 'm still not going to hire a contractor i ca n't trust .
0	overall not my favorite buffet , but what can expect for the price .
1	paella and savory crepes delicous .
1	employees are super nice and its just like a nice relaxing place to eat .
0	no lemon on the plates .
1	service was outstanding .
0	brought the food to my hotel room ... ate it .
1	real crab in stuffed mushrooms !
1	it is delicious !
1	great mom and pop shop .
1	he knows a lot about mattresses !
1	they have a shoe shine guy there as well .
1	they are almost half cream cheese icing which is delicious .
1	the brat burger is worth the drive .
0	the food was pretty good , but service was pretty bad .
1	the service is very friendly , and the atmosphere is a happy one .
1	very satisfied will be back next month .
1	greatest ice cream ever .
1	excellent stay ... pet friendly clean hotel .
1	a classic cuban eatery .
1	the man is so understanding and willing to help .
1	it gets a star for a lunch menu with most items $ _num_ .
1	i had a great experience here and would recommend to anyone needing a car .
1	this is the best bread on the planet !
0	monday no call .
0	pressed the order button waited _num_ minutes and no response .
0	never ever take this shuttle .
1	great place , high recommended .
0	you ca n't mess that up , right ?
1	food is first class as is the service .
0	it was totally bland .
0	apparently , i was wrong .
0	not worth my time nor money .
0	i would probably not return here .
0	cars get broken into all the time at the st paul buca .
1	and yes this food is art .
0	many locals expressed how it has changed for the worse .
1	dam hot now light !
0	stay home and order dominos you will have a better pizza .
1	every thing there is great .
1	the shelves are all full , the donuts are fresh .
0	horrible .
0	so do not go to this place !
0	night ruined .
1	this place and space is well organized , clean and safe .
0	the fried rice lacked seafood , making it mostly bland rice .
1	the service has always been great and the management very friendly .
1	good portion sizes and very delicious .
0	way too much sauce and the chicken was super slimy .
1	they were super friendly and very fast !
1	newly remodeled and it looks great !
0	just pay an extra $ _num_ to go somewhere else .
0	but at the end of the day it 's just not a good motel .
0	this place is slow and the pizza sucks .
1	have sent many other patients to her and all have been extremely happy !
0	maybe it was a fluke , but that was really gross .
1	staff is extreme nice and helpful !
0	worst pedicure ever .
1	plus , their online booking system is straightforward and easy to use .
0	terrible decision .
1	loved it !
1	it travels very well .
1	this place is huge , and has good food .
1	the food is great , service is great .
0	so the meal was cheap .
0	they close at _num_ on friday and _num_ on saturday and sunday .
0	very disappointed .
1	figured for the price of a service call it was worth a shot .
1	it comes with a lot of food !
0	they took my name , phone number email ... only to completely ignore me .
0	not a big deal and we wait for someone to check us in .
0	i 'm so disappointed .
0	very rude service .
0	i do not recommend .
0	we requested new sheets for _num_ rooms because of blood and other stains .
1	sweet family owned .
0	had a poor experience here .
1	however the service is fast and the food is delicious .
1	staff is really friendly as well .
1	the al pastor tacos were so delicious !
1	this is one of the best sandwich chains in my area .
1	service is prompt and the banter between the employees is an entertaining bonus .
1	he said it was one of the best he 's ever had .
0	just like everything else , there was no presentation at all .
1	the prices are good being a big box store .
1	great place to meet friends and watch a game : ) highly recommended !
0	total joke of a doctor .
1	he is reliable , efficient , and his store has great prices .
1	everything i 've ordered here has been great .
1	friendly and delicious !
1	it 's just good , greasy food at its best !
1	checkout lines are fast and easy !
0	still , to this day we have nightmares about that horrid place !
0	bacon large is five ( _num_ ) strips not _num_ .
1	he had very good taste and was very knowledgable about the layout .
0	poor service !
0	but the worst part about it was that the pizza was cold .
1	great diner food !
0	what the hell was it ?
0	i 'm not terribly impressed with it .
1	the customer service and employee knowledge is also exemplary .
1	the orange chicken is so good !
1	i would definitely order from here again !
1	nice cozy atmosphere .
1	great selection but could do better on the service and speed during lunch hour .
1	staff is also very nice .
0	life is too short for mediocre !
1	we were very satisfied !
1	best laser tag in az .
1	john & the staff at badger were wonderfully accommodating & we had blast !
0	i got the fiesta chopped chicken salad .
1	i love convenience .
1	overall , another solid performance and prices are reasonable .
1	customer service is a a+ for me .
1	the ideal place to buy a hostess gift .
1	absolutely amazing !
0	i did n't see any shrimp , not even mini shrimp .
1	the food is quite good which for a buffet is well above average .
1	marissa was attentive , easy going and really listened to what i wanted .
1	best fish taco i 've ever had .
0	she says he can price match the dog food to $ _num_ .
0	every single bite was perfection !
0	nothing special .
1	liked it a lot !
1	really ?
1	the all you can eat is awesome .
1	definitely recommend this place .
1	he stopped by our table and made our dinner even better !
1	i ordered it with rice and salad and loved everything .
1	great diner .
1	this is the most pleasant dental experience i have ever had in my life .
1	i will definitely be going back .
0	food taste like it 's been sitting there for _num_ days .
1	order some great grub and enjoy yourself .
0	in the first place , it was supposed to be a free event .
0	bad service .
0	horrible experience .
1	all of the staff are friendly and professional .
0	she said , `` oh it 's senior wednesday . ''
1	this is one delicious sandwich .
1	the phoenix zoo is my favorite place to spend beautiful spring phoenix days .
0	employees are rude .
1	i love it here .
0	they ruined our pool , our spa and the yard .
1	this place does a great business .
0	i would not go out of my way or tell friends about this place .
1	one of my favorite spots .
1	real professionals .
0	not that i 'm recommending it , but it was adequate .
1	the staff is very friendly and attentive to detail .
1	the food is great and service too .
1	simply put , our dinner was perfect .
0	several friends had already warned me not to come to this place .
0	maybe it was the overall lack of options .
0	i 'm sure it went right in the trash .
0	which was odd , most italian places make such a big deal about wine .
1	its cooked perfectly .
1	order spicy if you like some heat .
0	my husband described it as a cheese pizza with half jalapeos .
0	he had no interest in helping me that day .
1	i will certainly return .
1	the employees are very helpful and knowledgeable .
0	i 'm giving it _num_ stars , because they serve alcohol .
1	you may pay a little more but i think it 's worth it .
1	always fresh and delicious !
0	the only good thing was no cover and they had _num_ pool tables .
1	i recently had a friend bring my wife and me here .
1	love the range ... great old vegas vibe .
1	amazing experience !
1	pino 's is hands down the best pizza in town .
1	awesome .
0	it 's worse than any other salon i 've been to .
0	from the beginning he was rude and cold .
1	very nice lunch .
0	menu are now also gone .
1	but they always have it !
0	the service is awful and they ca n't be bothered to make an effort .
0	i 'm sad that such a phoenix staple has gone so down hill .
0	it was boiled cod .
1	this place is great .
1	for my money , this is the best gym in town .
1	good management .
1	i do n't know much about suits , but i liked this place .
1	as always the pizza and service is excellent .
1	i have found them to be friendly and timely with service .
1	friendly staff .
1	come and enjoy .
1	amazing !
0	i returned the next morning to return both items as my camera was stolen .
0	it just seemed microwaved and that too poorly .
0	i could get a mani paid for that price normally !
1	driving range and one of the best views of phoenix from the south side .
1	this is one of my favorite places to eat and drink .
1	this was a great mexican restaurant .
0	it 's not their fault !
0	it 's a chain restaurant , i did n't have high expectations .
1	: ) yummy place !
1	excellent service and food .
1	in very impressed .
0	the patient is not seen as an equal partner .
1	overall really good .
1	top notch alterations .
1	pool tables need a lot of work but a good neighborhood bar .
0	i could not believe my ears .
1	rokerij is a great spot to get away from phoenix .
0	she laid it down and walked off .
0	avoid this place !
1	we ordered from a really nice young man and received our treat quite fast .
1	i am a regular and will keep going back .
1	waitresses are superb .
1	everything tasted great , and the people there were very friendly .
0	turns out , i could n't have been more wrong .
1	my wife and i are very happy we went with desert springs .
1	so , you ca n't go wrong there !
1	best complimentary breakfast from a hotel that i have had !
1	great happy hour menu there portions are perfect and taste great .
1	good beer .
0	when i show up to get my food she acts distracted and disinterested .
1	the fried pickles are amazing !
0	she responded with , `` i do n't care what she is doing .
1	if you 're looking to join a gym , i recommend this one .
0	amazingly horrible experience with them .
1	i love that they let you pick your own sake glass too .
0	anyway that was _num_ months ago and i wo n't go back .
1	wine is great - it 's always busy but worth the wait !
1	great food and service .
0	so my initial statement of wishing for negative stars is not an exaggeration !
0	well was i wrong about that .
1	will definitely be returning !
0	the shrimp in both of our dishes were slightly rubbery and tasteless .
0	if i 'd know , i would have just had water .
1	extremely tasty with great flavor .
1	always great at this location !
0	saying the area was not the best is an understatement .
0	this place is a money grabbing lying stealing business .
1	i tried to eat just one !
1	the palm is first class all the way .
0	i purchased a groupon for an oil change .
1	they have my favorite chicken parm sandwich and the best french fries in town .
1	... now it 's something else ... can we just reschedule .
1	thank you !
1	super clean , friendly staff !
1	i love the dunkin on green and neil .
1	he listened and came up with a game plan .
1	it was great to go in there and see the place .
0	hate .
1	what can i say , but pancakes , pancakes , and more pancakes !
0	unfortunately , i had to take one of the items back today .
1	i like the free chips and the salsa is always fresh and excellent .
1	not a fancy place but a great place to get good tasting food .
1	delicious .
1	it 's not fancy , but it 's good food .
1	got me in next day , dropped off first thing in the morning .
1	i will recommend her and the shane co to everyone .
1	delicious !
1	me and my pup are grateful !
0	clearly , the worst wendy 's i have been to .
1	he is a true expert in his craft .
0	there is nothing else to say about that .
1	you definitely will be full when you leave .
1	the service is wonderful .
1	exceptional attitude and service .
1	liberty market is so delicious !
1	holy hell they are good !
0	many of us realized she was completely clueless .
0	we will not return to this place and never recommend to our friends .
0	they will ship ( from an unknown location ) but not install .
1	that is a nice theater .
1	cold of the pittsburgh winter and enjoy this place .
0	unfortunately , we were let down .
0	also , how he acts in a kitchen is horrible .
0	his car was disgusting .
1	i was so happy to discover this shop !
0	first off , the girl that took my order was extremely rude .
1	like everyone else , i love this place .
0	poor excuse for seafood !
0	the pool , the hallways , the bathrooms .
0	so disappointed .
1	i also appreciated the diverse crowd .
1	it has become a staple for me my family and even my friends .
0	it is not my fault you are unhappy with your weight .
1	it 's good !
1	will visit again for sure .
1	love the food , always have .
1	like any buffet , like the word buffet , timing is important .
1	love , love , love the food here !
1	this place rocks !
1	it 's great for lunch !
1	all the samples that we tasted were delicious not overly sweet just perfect !
1	all this and the best looking waitresses in the casa grande area .
1	the beer selection is great and the prices for everything are reasonable .
0	the tech was aggressive , & refused to wait .
1	come for the view and stay for the food .
1	amazing chicken - moist , crisp , perfectly seasoned .
0	they always give me an attitude , and they 're oh so rude .
1	still i recommend the fresh market .
1	i love this place .
1	nice little shopping center to spent a saturday morning at !
0	they do n't take care of their comics .
0	the inside decor is awful and their food is totally bland and gross .
0	spend your money elsewhere .
0	cheap greedy owners <unk> !
1	this was a great find .
1	food is great .
0	no , wait , that might actually taste better than what it was .
1	the wine , sangria , and prices are all good .
1	our captain was knowledgeable & excited .
1	great place to live !
1	it was well worth the $ $ .
1	very good pediatrician .
1	the food and service here is great !
1	the food is very reasonably priced and the portions are very generous .
1	spectacular and breathtaking views of the strip and valley .
1	very efficient .
1	the rice and beans were great also .
1	she does a great an amazing job .
1	fantastic !
0	the techs rushed thru my pedi and fill .
1	very very clean as well !
0	the deep fried house potatoes were delish .
0	fail .
0	la fitness does not have any gyms here .
0	do n't go here if you can help it .
1	very helpful & knowledgeable staff .
1	i love this church !
1	definitely going back .
0	we were already home when he noticed so we did n't take them back .
1	i would definitely recommend this place .
1	the ambiance is inviting and the staff very friendly .
0	drove locally around charlotte for two days and used about 1/4 tank .
1	also a great place to buy spices .
1	seems like a great place to frequent in the summer .
1	great flavor did n't need sauces .
1	the most amazing pizza ever !
1	a huge hit !
0	so disappointing !
1	the staff was very very good and helpful .
0	i 'm sure you have on site maintenance staff !
1	he helped me change my life , and he is so knowledgeable .
1	plenty of seating outside , and a huge variety of funky sandwiches to try .
1	food is good .
0	oh , and the grocery store wine was way over priced .
1	love the sweet potato fries here , it 's worth the upgrade !
0	the prices are just stupid .
1	: ) we would recommend this complex to others !
0	the big king did not live up to it 's name .
0	this used to be one of my favorite places for dim sum .
1	i love how its a family business and that the owners work there .
1	i liked all the little sides that came with my food .
1	great barbershop !
0	i ordered both flour and corn tortillas and i only got corn .
1	the bento box is a great price for what you get .
0	do n't bother .
1	the food is always the best , and the service spot on .
1	the menu items looked delicious ; it was hard to choose .
1	every piece of chicken i get from this location is always fresh and juicy .
0	the margaritas were weak , there was a lot of sour mix in it .
1	in this particular store , my friend and i frequent often for lunch .
0	at $ _num_ , not a good investment .
1	i loved that they gave us complimentary fudge at the end of our meal .
0	avoid !
1	wow what a place .
1	it 's great !
1	service was friendly and very quickly .
0	still not sure i would order it again .
1	definitely will be returning to this location .
1	this has to be one of the best mexican restaurants ever .
1	both were delicious and fresh .
1	we love going here .
1	the customer service is top notch , so refreshing for this day and age .
1	service is fast and friendly .
1	it was a special evening indeed !
1	service was _num_ stars and quite frankly the attention to detail is excellent .
0	ridiculously expensive and i feel like i was ripped off .
1	i have always had good service here .
1	one of my favorite restaurants in town .
1	you made my day !
1	good place .
0	the prices however are still way high .
1	love love love this yarn shop .
1	very impressed with the service her .
0	not impressed at all .
1	the staff are always friendly and kind .
1	our server was angel & she was so sweet .
1	good experience .
1	( i 'm referring to both the guy & the food ! )
0	i was n't too thrilled i spent $ _num_ for it either .
0	the chicken tikka masala was not what we were expecting .
0	what a let down .
1	shows me that people like it here .
1	it 's a win win situation !
1	staff is very friendly .
1	you can get good deals on used movies here .
0	the staff in this location is very incompetent and service is too slow .
1	i enjoy this place everytime i go in there .
1	the store itself is great .
0	i apologized and was only met with more attitude .
0	mediocre .
0	but never once offered to help me .
1	i really , really enjoy this place .
0	horrible auto service !
1	always get delicious deli food here .
0	she had zero personality and was the most unwelcoming doctor i have ever met .
1	the staff is friendly and service excellent , adding to the overall experience .
0	do not give them your charge card !
0	it is n't rocket science .
0	service and atmosphere are a definite _num_ , but the food kinda sucked .
0	but there was definitely no confusion on what style pizza to expect .
1	this was by far the best place to shop for our new home .
0	i 'm not sure when or if i 'll be back again , personally .
1	mac & cheese is also great !
0	this place is the biggest fucking dump in the entire world .
0	what owner would be excited to know their pet was not eating .
0	omg this walgreens is the worst !
1	hands down - my favorite sushi restaurant of all time .
1	great selection of gourmet cheeses and wines .
1	the lady who runs the place is always really nice .
1	he has definitely found a new , loyal customer .
1	they take great pride in their food here and the staff is incredibly friendly .
1	be winner like the rest of us !
1	the grounds are great for walking my dogs and feel very safe at night .
0	- the sauce was mediocre .
0	i tried the garlic bread , mozzarella and lasagna for dinner and was underwhelmed .
1	this is one of the best borders locations i 've been to .
1	best vehicle purchase experience ever .
0	i do n't mind them being cash only .
1	they quoted an outrageous price .
1	wow , what an experience .
0	the prices are higher then most gun stores .
1	great food .
1	we received the lowest cost from him as well .
0	the drink itself ( iced vanilla latte ) was just fine .
0	false advertising right there .
0	tire lube center slow , disrespectful and unprofessional .
1	open til _num_ am so its perfect for swing shift workers like myself .
0	such a scam and a huge waste of time .
1	fast service and a really good bagel .
1	they have a great lunch menu too .
1	good food and warm people !
0	the prices are too high , since the food was not good .
1	excellent pad thai .
1	they also deliver !
1	fries were good as well .
1	ribs and bulgogi are great .
1	the staff at arcadia cove was great .
0	believe me i love frozen custard , just not luv it custard .
1	i would recommend him to everyone .
1	good burger , good portions , good price .
0	even after ordering _num_ margaritas , i felt no buzz .
0	we could n't understand it .
0	not worth the money .
1	love her and this place .
1	but seriously , worth the walk .
1	professional and clean .
0	did i leave at this point ?
1	he is the best !
1	i 've always had good experiences with brake masters .
1	good , friendly service .
1	great lunch .
0	service was slow but they were nice about it .
1	im a single female and have always felt safe here .
1	it was really good and we wished for a huge bowl of it after .
1	i also love their ice tea , it always hits the spot .
1	she 's still going there and i love it just as much !
0	my minced pork barely filled half the bowl .
0	to any customers looking to try this furniture store stop while your still ahead !
0	that was a direct quote .
0	they 've lost all possible business from us to say the least .
0	she does n't listen nor do she care .
1	they even have great variety and you really cant beat their prices .
1	i recommend this restaurant for their excellent ?
1	they do a good job for arizona !
1	we slept well and enjoyed our time there .
1	and the ranch dipping sauce is delightful !
1	absolute heaven .
1	the dough is made fresh daily , along with the daily made mozzarella .
1	just moved into town .
0	_num_ times !
1	the arcade can be fun if you bring some friends .
0	went there with my girlfriend for what i thought would be good bbq .
1	thanks bro .
1	the director , staff , and teachers are excellent !
0	maybe you should possibly consider getting some candles for birthdays !
1	the service is always great and the restaurant itself is comfortable !
0	we 've been there twice and witnessed one fight per night .
0	service was friendly but not enough to make us go back .
0	and cox is not efficient .
0	veterans beware !
1	really good italian food !
1	thanks david !
1	the service was great and will definitely be going back .
0	lots of other hotel choices in the area .
1	good employees whom obviously love their jobs !
0	nothing special .
0	but instead it went back on the shelf .
1	this place is great if you want asian food that is good and consistent .
0	the greens were atrocious .
1	lots of great bargains on higher end merchandise , clothing and shoes .
1	great sports bar for locals !
0	but the experience was less than ideal .
0	i was right , i should have just turned around and leave the place .
1	rich and his staff are superb at making you feel comfortable and appreciated .
1	we love cafes and this is now one of our favorite little spots !
0	the dipping sauce did help , but still not that good .
0	the check was $ _num_ , and matt got no tip .
1	such a beautiful place to see the desert !
1	they always greet me by name and with a smile .
1	what a delightful , funny , beautiful woman !
0	do not stay unless u on a tight budget !
0	the burrito itself was just ok .
0	the atmosphere of the restaurant is also quite weird .
0	really , i want to love it sooo badly .
1	also have good sweet carrots .
1	treasures is absolutely amazing !
1	good food .
0	however they used this as a reason not to go through with our loan .
1	best location in phoenix .
1	really like this place .
1	best sweet meat in madison !
1	this was a treat .
1	expensive and worth it !
1	nice quiet <unk> where you are treated like royalty .
0	between acts , security gave out little cups of water .
1	by far best thai around .
1	cool and creative names and ingredients how could you not love this place !
1	in the best possible way .
1	french toast was excellent .
1	mother 's day eating for dinner with my family .
0	this is was my first time at this location .
1	jeannie is awesome !
0	barely a large cup , much less than a `` bowl '' of soup .
1	great good & really good service .
1	i 'll certainly get those again !
1	great pools and kid friendly .
0	i think this restaurant uses the wrong cheese and too much of it .
1	it 's really quiet at night time too .
1	it is clean and tidy .
1	found this gem on yelp and the food network .
1	last but most important food quality is fantastic and super consistent .
1	one of my favorite places to shop at !
1	great quality , family owned and operated , and super affordable .
1	regardless , the technician was very nice and thorough .
1	we had a wonderful stay at the hotel .
1	loved the sweet tomato sauce .
0	i would not recommend the texas roadhouse to friends .
0	my meal came fairly quickly , so no complaints there .
1	i received a phone call when my uniform was done .
0	needless to say i did n't get my manicure there .
1	i just moved in and am really enjoying .
1	epic .
1	both were incredibly tasty .
0	friendly staff , just clueless on policies and pleasing the customer .
1	great dane 's is the fare of the day !
1	very impressed on all counts .
1	i grew a lot of appreciation for some new artists .
1	i bought a spaghetti dinner and it was really good food .
1	the staff is alittle weird - but always very friendly !
1	very happy with how they handled this and will use them again .
0	there is no efficient way to navigate between major terminals .
0	when across the street to chipotle and never going back .
0	i 've been there on about _num_ different occasions .
0	i will not be doing business with anyone who treats customers like they do .
1	good customer service and friendly atmosphere !
1	always clean , and always fresh and consistently tasty sandwiches .
0	the waitress was nice but neglected to ask us what we wanted to drink .
0	there was nobody in the restaurant .
1	so cool !
1	pretty much the best barbeque i 've ever eaten .
1	i love it !
0	do n't waste your money on this place !
1	the pho in my opinion are pretty good as well .
0	not once did my water get refilled .
1	i had the pepper and egg sandwich , amazing !
0	the same flavorless sausage gravy for dried out biscuits .
0	he trusted me , and ordered anyway .
1	amazing displays in the windows !
1	she mixed the far left , strawberry and something else and it was perfect .
1	but they are helpful and efficient .
0	unpleasant experience when you spend $ _num_ on dinner .
1	the staff is super friendly and all the technicians perform their work with pride .
0	the pecan pie filling was unremarkable , and despite following jason b .
1	great subs !
0	( i have n't had it myself . )
1	very friendly staff who do a nice job .
0	the beef was terrible as expected at a seafood place .
1	best meals ?
0	worst sushi experience of my life !
1	so fresh w big chunks of veggies .
1	excellent atmosphere ... less casual than dressy but not entirely dressy .
0	it was awful and it was promptly returned .
0	_num_ pieces of pepperoni and some hamburger meat .
0	i hear they have a breakfast buffet on saturday and sunday .
1	great place for cheap japanese food in chinatown .
0	what horrible customer service !
0	i ca n't believe they call themselves professionals .
1	the store cashiers are friendly and move the line along well .
0	it took us almost an hour total for _num_ smoothies & _num_ sandwiches .
1	the food is delicious !
1	awesome pizza and great service .
0	i do n't give many two star reviews , but this place deserves it .
1	good pizza , sandwiches , wings and more .
0	came in for a comprehensive exam .
0	they should do the right thing and close it down to avoid the hassle .
1	our favorite mexican joint in charlotte .
1	cozy restaurant and our food was good .
0	terrible experience with this company .
0	this is pathetic .
0	do n't waste your time or money !
1	wow .
0	if you are using points do not stay at this hotel !
1	so glad i found this place !
1	i love eating here !
1	the service was fantastic .
1	impressed .
1	overall it was a good venue .
0	first of all though , they did my pedicure .
1	the buffalo dipping sauce was pretty good .
1	the food is damn good .
1	highly recommend this place !
0	he rushed us to table , and out of restaurant .
1	the drinks were good .
1	it was beautiful and was better than i imagined !
0	terrible experience !
0	not a _num_ % credit .
1	these guys are awesome !
1	david was very friendly and efficient along with the guy changing my oil .
1	ambience is nice , especially at sunset with that amazing view !
1	great selection and great prices .
0	my husband sandwich maybe had three slices of roast beef , if that !
0	there should be negative stars .
1	absolutely delicious .
1	highly recommend the bacon avocado sourdough burger !
1	a nice little place to grab a quick bit to eat .
0	went to sam 's club last sunday with my mom .
1	and my nails always look stunning !
1	well said jessica w .
1	this place is great have been eating here for years !
0	the office staff seemed very fake and did n't really care .
0	carne asada was dry , shrimp did n't have any flavor at all .
0	the rude lady basically hung up on me .
1	you got ta try it for dine it or to go !
1	i got the chicken shawarma plate and yup it tastes so good !
1	she is also very good .
1	when i said yes he welcomed me inside and took my order .
0	i made a reservation on monday to pick up some equipment on saturday .
1	the best flowers and customer service in the valley .
0	for a $ _num_ meal it is outrageous .
0	hahaha , this place is laughable .
1	the portions are generous , flavorful and presented nicely .
1	i make sure to eat here every time i come into town .
1	wow !
1	homestyle , diner food with a twist - including lots of options for vegetarians .
1	quesadilla was good .
0	i sat with my luggage in the lobby right near front desk .
0	this just seems to be poor management .
1	i come here often with my boyfriend and occasionally with some friends .
1	the wait may be a while but really worth it !
1	delivery through wheel deliver .
1	very good experience .
1	overall they earn a solid _num_ .
0	slow , indifferent service .
0	overall i think this place is terrible .
0	i 'm disappointed in your corporate decisions .
1	best breakfast in vegas !
1	flawless !
0	i wo n't take a chance going there to get something fresh .
1	service was pretty fast and friendly .
1	quality and service remain top notch .
1	good food and pricing in the heart of chinatown lv .
0	tonight was the first time i came to this restaurant .
1	the broth is good , and the portions are reasonable .
1	way to go , guys !
0	this was by far my worst best buy experience ever .
1	highly recommend this location !
1	the food was delicious and fresh .
1	consistently exceeds expectations .
1	the onion bagel is the best .
1	friendly staff knows everything needed and the fish foods are high quality and fresh .
1	so good ... most importantly , the prices are wonderful .
1	seems family owned and casual .
0	but how does a japanese hibachi not know what an unagi roll is ?
0	just horrible service everywhere .
0	terrible service .
1	excellent beer .
0	no greeting , no offer of assistance .
1	i love this store !
0	the one thing that stood out was the chunky bleu cheese dressing .
0	but i ca n't wait to move .
1	a wonderful unique dining experience unlike anything else in town .
1	the mushroom sausage rigatoni was good ... not great .
1	their menu was very diverse , so worth trying different dishes .
1	the place is clean which is always a plus .
1	nice place to try vietnamese food .
1	it was juicy and full of flavor .
0	the guy and sam are the reasons i give this _num_ star .
1	quick and tasty !
0	left and never coming back .
1	our mojitos were probably the best we have ever had .
1	the entire story has a huge selection of different pet products .
1	barriques had amazing service and the food was so good !
1	best sushi i 've ever had .
1	mine was really tasty and he enjoyed his too .
1	this is my man 's favorite pizza place .
1	this place is amazing !
0	so i wait for almost _num_ minutes .
1	best mariscos i 've ever had !
1	one of my favorites for breakfast or lunch .
1	i was always greeted in a friendly and professional manner .
0	they refused to honor the posted sale price .
1	i greater by a wonderful young man .
0	cant rate the food cause i have n't received any .
0	i was n't seen until an hour after i arrived .
0	drove up to the window , _num_ employees were standing behind the counter .
0	will not be going back .
1	great sushi , the best edamame i 've had .
0	sucks .
1	highly recommend .
0	it was cooked just the way i want it but it was tough .
1	it 's a must if you are in the area !
1	food is always fresh and tasty and the employees are always friendly .
1	staying here is a real treat !
1	i have encountered a great group of ladies that delivered excellent customer service .
1	loved the pollo with marsala sauce and penne with a rose cream sauce .
0	i probably would of walked out if i did n't pay for it already .
1	service was fast and the food was good .
1	great breakfast food , especially for the price .
0	we had never had it before , it was very rubbery .
1	the animals here are a bonus , they make the shopping experience extra enjoyable .
0	the chicken was moist , but the sauce was overly salty .
1	the batter is crunchy and has a nice kick to it .
1	everything in the facility and everybody was outstanding .
1	both were incredible .
1	definitely recommend !
0	if you do n't mind noise , the food might be good .
1	menu is very large and has authentic dishes so bring a friend with knowledge .
0	my sister met me there at my suggestion , i am so embarrassed .
0	it was kind of too late , anyway .
0	i am not gon na leave my car here .
0	( i do n't eat shrimp . )
0	once i took a sip i was really disappointed .
1	definitely looking forward to their takeout soon !
1	ps the customer service was quick and very friendly .
1	even though you can get tacos anywhere these ones are the best .
1	summer is a wonderful stylist !
0	i also confirmed with them that it was nut free and they agreed .
0	street tacos : asked for no chipotle sauce but it came with it anyway .
0	dennis has not called me back .
1	came here on a groupon and we will definitely be back .
1	our entire party had so much fun .
1	very good food and great service !
1	this place has the best bagels , hands down .
1	wonderful brunch today !
1	very attentive .
1	the staff is great and the food is great .
1	generally the food here is really good .
0	ignore me three times , get _num_ star on yelp .
1	this restaurant is gem !
1	i love this place .
0	of course receipt said `` bring paper plates etc .
0	please do n't rip off your customers .
1	this is our second time here and will definitly come again .
1	wonderful food .
1	the manicotti was excellent , great salad , good bread , and great service .
1	recently they added craft brews too !
0	so it was $ _num_ plus a $ _num_ .
1	he did it out of sheer kindness and concern .
1	this is a great location .
0	also , they take entirely too long to do basic services .
1	there is always great customer service .
1	the miso cod and the honey toast are a must .
0	it was not just mild ... it was bland .
1	they have a magnificent selection on all sorts of products .
0	chicken cuts are better than most chinese places , and the recipes are original .
1	awesome !
0	to boot , the item looked really crappy .
1	absolutely love boston pizza !
0	probably wont be staying here again .
1	the free wifi is an added bonus .
1	also worth mentioning , it is a kid friendly restaurant .
1	he makes the sandwiches taste better just by the way he makes you laugh !
1	good news !
0	this was one of the worst experiences of my entire restaurant going life !
0	i hate to admit it , but it made me crave for chipotle !
1	the staff is friendly and familiar .
1	i have taken _num_ different cars here and had excellent work each time .
1	the chicken fingers good.
1	it 's great !
1	for extra pillows .
1	the huge thin crust supreme pizza we had was delicious !
1	my family has been dining here for years .
0	she was like `` oh i ca n't .
0	however , upon arrival , i saw that the guitar center had closed .
1	another great meal here patty melt done right and burgers are good .
1	consistently great food , service and atmosphere not to mention great prices .
1	the best gym i 've ever encountered at a hotel .
1	extremely strong cocktails .
1	love the hot and sour soup and they are always so nice in there !
1	even better - they did it with a smile and friendly customer service .
1	it is a well run , clean , and friendly establishment .
1	great food and tap beers .
1	great customer service , the owner was great and responsible .
0	i 'm not sure if the dmv is worse .
1	it 's extremely fun and i highly recommend this to anyone .
0	but they should get rid of the premium toppings .
1	a charlotte favorite for me .
1	great kalbi ribs .
1	i love how spacious the location is , with it 's three floors .
1	great atmosphere , great service , and amazing food .
1	definitely worth giving a try !
0	the games pretty crappy and run down many of them not working properly .
0	poor .
0	absolute horrendous customer service .
1	i crave it monthly .
1	friendliest baristas in madison , good music , good quality coffee .
0	to boot , the steak had been boiled and over cooked .
0	in phoenix , i am almost always disappointed .
0	when we were finally called she was taken first and then i was taken .
1	good service and descent prices .
0	i had to wait another _num_ min until i got my food .
0	i 'll stop giving this place anymore chances .
1	hot fresh , and friendly servers .
1	i highly recommend this salon and her .
1	nice bartenders and speedy service .
0	i do n't recommend anyone go to the champaign hooters .
1	this is one of my favorite places to shop !
1	i love their salad bar .
0	atmosphere is half the rent .
1	i love almost any of the sandwhiches .
0	first i would like to say this place is a joke .
1	love the freshness of their rolls .
0	this place has had enough chances to earn my business - i 'm done !
1	place is well maintained and looks new .
0	sorry , jesse 's , you all are not the one .
1	i got so many comments from our guests about how great our dj was .
1	thank you so much !
1	the staff at this brake masters are very nice and friendly .
1	easy to find , good location .
0	my girlfriend asked for mayo got none .
1	havana cafe has long been a family favorite .
0	it appears that the oven was too hot .
1	prices are quite reasonable .
1	matt and tony just saved the day ... .
0	ridiculous !
0	guy behind the bar was pretty rude and worthless .
1	tin top was a great choice !
1	on nights when there is live music , everyone gets their dance on .
0	eventually i just stopped going .
1	as all the other reviews say , paul is great .
0	zero stars should be an option .
1	she has got me documents on the fly in massive quantities same day .
1	not the absolute best italian food , but pretty darn good .
1	came shopping here for pastries and discovered they have a whole lot more .
1	the buffalo chicken sandwich was meaty and spiced to my liking .
0	the last two times i went were not good at all .
1	i think you will enjoy the experience .
1	such a great place to see the desert plant life up close .
1	super friendly and accommodating service .
0	i 'm not coming back .
1	always fantastic .
0	these guys are lazy and will scam you out of anything .
0	very very unhappy with the customer service .
1	so good wish they were open on weekends !
1	whatever you need you will receive an honest opinion from the delightful owner .
0	anything more than that , you will be disappointed & pay too much .
1	they are the best in town !
1	i really like it .
1	this brown bag sandwich , salad , and soup place is soooo good .
1	we will definitely make this our go-to chinese restaurant !
1	service is very personable and i always feel homey when i come here !
1	the food is outstanding ... great value for the price .
0	it did n't smell like urine .
1	each bowl is about $ _num_ and the broth and everything was good .
0	it is kind of drab and has a tired and dated look .
1	nicest lady , very personable .
1	good food great service .
1	the tiki lounge itself is pretty awesome , and generally well maintained .
1	she 's there on wednesdays and does a fab job .
0	they have a chicken combo but it does not come with a drink .
1	amazing venue for a wedding !
0	do n't recommend .
1	i was so pleased going here !
0	she walked the slip to the cook and described the burrito .
1	everyone has always been helpful and nice .
0	food was very mediocre .
1	great flavor choices too !
0	it took me several days to get the money back .
1	the shop is clean , fun , and comfortable .
1	this is my favorite thai place .
0	so i tried again at 10am .
0	the point of a scheduled appointment is that someone will be there .
0	after _num_ more minutes , we decided to leave .
1	i always find a treasure .
1	i move back to az a few months ago and discover this place !
1	thank you to the men and women that work here .
1	it is such a cute restaurant .
1	it 's worth the drive from chandler .
1	it 's great to stop by here for your chocolate craving !
0	boy was i wrong .
1	i love their yakisoba !
1	i love this place !
0	fail !
1	i think it is absolutely incredible .
0	imagine the worst ross you 've been to times _num_ .
0	i had tofu mixed vegetables , which is my go-to .
0	needless to say , my car is being repaired by van 's .
1	no , but it is a bit of a hidden gem .
0	horrible service , had to ask server four times for silverware .
1	nice atmosphere , good servings .
1	everyone was very friendly , and the atmosphere was very comfortable .
0	i will never return to full circle .
1	the food is delicious and fresh .
1	just moved here from california ... and brought _num_ cats in last week .
0	horrible experience .
1	an unexpected nice applebee 's experience .
0	we all added the lobster tail and i added lobster and king crab legs .
0	i also asked if i could have my tires rotated .
1	there were also a good amount of people there having lunch .
1	this is a great spot for breakfast off the strip .
0	worst front desk service- ever !
1	upstairs , where the true spirit of <unk> 's really shines .
1	everyone friendly and fast service .
1	they 're the best part , imho .
0	did n't even get time under the warmer .
1	food was fresh and delicious !
0	that is why i will not return to this specific jiffy lube .
1	i would love to see more there !
1	service was fast though , and i will definitely go back .
1	heaven is a baby fat and an order of their awesome steak fries .
1	food was good .
1	love it love it !
1	first piercing and it was awesome .
0	the basmati rice was salty and over cooked .
1	unique offerings w their pizza rolls and calzones .
1	food is good , quick , and hot .
1	chips and salsa very authentic and fresh !
1	they have an incredible roll menu with funny names .
1	i always opt for the `` create your own pasta '' .
1	family owned by group of i sister very friendly smart staff .
0	one pasta dish was completely bland .
0	no elevator .
0	we stayed here back in april .
0	i ordered _num_ hot subs and an order of pasta .
0	craving chinese , so we went back to this location today .
1	i not only love the food , the service is amazing !
0	i wo n't be ordering pizza from here again .
0	called today , monday , was told they did n't have the tires .
0	i would wait _num_ minutes and she would spend a minute or two .
1	the sauce is definitely home made and delicious .
1	overall , we were happy and definitely come back !
1	you 're welcome .
1	we have liked all the teachers and my son enjoys them as well .
1	cheese enchiladas is the best .
0	got checked in , and went to my room .
1	love this place .
1	really good food and reasonably priced .
0	soup for the lunch specials came out after the food , was n't good .
1	excellent flavor .
1	great selection of herbal teas , too .
0	if you even think of visiting this place , look elsewhere .
0	and to make the sandwich worse , the tuna fish was swimming in mayonnaise .
1	likely one of the top deli 's in the entire valley .
1	so , todd ... thanks !
0	what a disappointment .
1	happy family is a mother great dish .
1	made it a painless purchase and the price was great !
0	this place is always busy and i 've never been able to understand why .
1	i would recommend this to everyone .
1	fabulous breakfast place .
0	the <unk> were soggy , and very little spice .
0	oh but my garlic knots were way over cooked .
1	i love monroe road animal hospital .
1	this place was excellent .
0	and the wait was beyond ridiculous .
1	will be back !
1	she does an amazing job every time !
0	if they are not ready too bad they need to get a new number .
0	i 'm just letting you know to be prepared to pay hidden costs .
0	never do delivery from this place .
1	portions are excellent and prices are fantastic making this my go to for sushi .
0	i said ok , no problem .
0	it was simply the worst lasagna we ever had .
1	nello 's pizza is awesome !
1	i recommend to anyone !
1	i like their raspberry chocolate latte drinks , and their wednesday latte specials !
0	then her rigatoni with chicken in pink vodka sauce had bad chicken .
1	service is top notch .
0	i do n't find that they skimp too , too much .
1	got ta try it !
0	fuck this place _num_ % .
1	sushi bar , table , or teppan , it 's all good .
1	: ( so sad this great little place is closed .
0	_num_ weeks later we have no idea where these items are .
1	love the phx zoo !
1	christine does an incredible color , cut & style !
0	i for one do not understand how this place has _num_ stars .
1	love the atmospher , great food ... .
1	go see robin !
1	quality food , well-prepared , and excellent friendly service .
1	so good !
0	they 're rude , slow , and not friendly at all !
0	glad to know they purchase lousy parts .
1	and he is pleasant and listens .
0	no hard feelings .
0	i asked for my clothes back and will never come back again .
1	i even took my wedding party here for our big day .
0	unfortunately i feel like i did n't get much when i stayed here .
0	the service during lunchtime was very poor .
1	really tasty subs !
1	loved the atmosphere and bar .
1	highly highly recommend !
0	well , he never contacted him so i called him .
1	classical music playing outside .
0	i meal prep so i make sure i have the correct portions .
1	wonderful location in a up and coming part of phoenix .
0	i called in to ask for a refund and they refused .
0	_num_ of the employees saw me , ignored and one proceeded to clock out .
1	she was very professional , fun to talk to and very educational .
0	i wish i would have just stayed at the stratosphere the whole trip .
1	the food is very good and consistent .
0	mine went in the trash .
1	friendly !
1	breakfast burritos are good too .
0	the bud light _num_ ounce special was $ _num_ .
1	best pita bread in the valley !
1	thumbs up !
0	i blame management for not having more than one waiter to serve _num_ people .
1	the food is always good .
1	delicious meal .
1	chips , mexican pizza and of course fajitas are great .
1	i went here for breakfast and i was quite happy .
0	they should know that weekend business would be extreme so why the mess up .
1	priced very well .
0	i ca n't give a negative rating so i gave a _num_ star rating .
0	however , this places stinks !
1	great people , drinks , good time !
0	my stay was on feb _num_ , _num_ .
1	the little old man is always so nice and accommodating !
1	the service was great , too .
0	this hands down has to be the worst hospital i 've ever been to .
0	i then told the clerk that i would go and the price for her .
0	my raspberry pancake was ok.
1	i love this place !
1	good service and location , food is great too !
0	very disappointed .
1	left feeling full and satisfied with my meal .
0	_num_ bucks for wings and pizza ?
0	it was also apparent that he lacked basic customer service skills .
1	it 's a beautiful building inside and out with tons of arizona history .
1	definitely !
1	great prices .
1	the service was fast and there were plenty of delicious flavors to chose from !
0	was calling to get information on a concert .
1	it seems to be a very efficiently run operation .
1	nice place to stay .
0	when drinking , strip clubs sound great do n't they ?
1	the prices are reasonable and the service is always good .
0	i like a traditional natural manicure and this place does not deliver .
1	also , free wifi !
1	we love coming here .
1	my family and i love the zoo !
0	this company apparently allows total jerks to drive for them .
0	our experience was not a good one and we will not be returning .
1	the office staff is the best part of the place .
1	very happy with the service above and beyond from arrowhead flowers .
1	they make a fantastic cup of coffee and amazing panini sandwiches .
1	food and staff are always awesome !
0	a few pieces of pork tasted like paper had gotten into meat .
0	i would not recommend florida cafe to anyone .
1	they even hooked up the power and got everything working .
0	i had their security stop my visitors from visiting .
1	this was a nice hotel .
1	loved hearing his stories and really enjoyed my time there .
1	being english , i love this restaurant .
1	i highly recommend the dish .
1	this place is awesome .
1	i love mario 's !
1	stayed for work in a corner king .
0	quite possibly the worst experience i have ever had dealing with a clothing store .
0	my first impression upon walking in was not good due to the bad smell .
0	no frills .
1	impeccable service .
1	my sister cherry is alway on time and is professional .
1	awesome , awesome treat .
0	this is the worst i have ever seen for a restaurant ( sonic ) .
0	the only bright spot was our server .
1	sprouts is great .
0	unfortunately , my experience with the store on rancho and decatur has changed that .
1	peanut butter shakes are the best .
1	a huge plus is they have soy milk .
0	we asked for a new basket and they were a tiny bit better .
0	horrible service !
1	i 've been here twice now and it is phenomenal .
1	pretty good in my book .
1	had an issue incredible dinner the other night !
1	you feel like you are important when you dine here .
0	so they basically tried to trap me into getting the service done there .
1	this place was great .
0	as for the food ... it 's horribly average .
1	came here on a sunday afternoon , it was pack .
1	their cheesy garlic bread is also pretty good .
0	i normally do n't write reviews .
1	amazing food , and even better prices .
1	much better than some of the other malls the phoenix area has to offer !
0	no champagne to the room , no discount on my stay .
1	hope our game can be in there soon !
1	i always order the steak salad and my girlfriend has the scallop salad .
0	the crust is me , too chewy and without taste .
0	even getting the check and getting out was slow .
1	fantastic food and great service !
0	i will never shop here again and this experience was the last straw .
0	it 's been _num_ business days and i still have not been refunded .
1	great selection and very filling .
0	i was not satisfied at all .
1	sushi is great and i recommend the curry !
1	they do a fantastic job <unk> fast , efficient and inexpensive .
1	the tacos ... they are the best .
1	some of the best wings in the city .
1	even if your not a regular you will get awesome service .
1	highly recommend ... .
0	_num_ stars for being cheap and delivering .
0	overall it was an ok meal , but i 've had a lot better .
0	they would not honor the coupon that were given to them .
0	do n't waste your money on this .
1	oysters spicy .
0	and he also refused to stamp my card .
0	bad service .
0	food is super bland and terrible quality !
0	so do n't even bother tipping them on the table .
0	over priced for the less then mediocre work .
0	not happy !
1	good experience , will def .
0	anyhow , i 'm not picky .
1	it is amazing .
1	they were very friendly and helpful .
1	great location / very helpful and closest location from south phoenix .
1	food is great !
0	$ _num_ for cold food and a _num_ minute wait .
1	i would definitely recommend bringing your pet to warner vista animal hospital .
1	we had our daughters birthday party and it was wonderful !
1	delicious pizza .
1	one good thing about vegas is the wide variety of dining options .
1	it 's so good and really quick .
1	i 've usually had a great experience at this location .
1	very affordable !
0	the bbq sauce was the worst thing i ever tasted in my life .
0	two guests ordered the almond shrimp and it was terrible .
1	had my brothers rehearsal dinner here and it went perfectly .
1	service was very good .
0	very disappointing .
1	this is one of my favorite lunch places .
1	it is a seafood place so i forgive them .
0	service was terrible .
1	the prime rib was mouthwatering !
0	i would definitely never purchase from bland nova again .
1	very <unk> , counters are always stocked and clean .
0	they insisted they could have done the repair .
1	i will recommend dave to family and friends .
1	the girls are very gentle with their tools and the price is right .
0	bland chicken , sad tomato and lettuce .
0	second , i hate to complain .
1	great great dining experience .
1	the service has always been good and the manager very nice .
1	great place .
1	it 's easy to navigate , free wifi , great restaurants and good shopping .
1	best of all is the woman that works here .
1	baby needed feeding , so he grabbed some hot water with a smile .
1	wonderful italian beef sandwich .
1	craig 's did our wedding cake .
1	great food and great atmosphere !
0	the bathtub was clogged with hair an green slimy stuff .
1	staff was great !
1	overall i love the place and keep going back .
1	creamy , smooth , and so yummy !
1	the baristas are always so nice !
1	they were very professional and had the <unk> to match .
0	i get to my truck to see dirt on my running <unk> .
1	service was great and the place was clean .
1	most thorough doctors & staff !
0	my purchase experience was just o.k .
1	they are priced fair and their portions are a decent sized .
1	the room was great ... wonderful products in the bathrooms .
0	so , i lost money on the first one and almost the second .
1	overall , you do get the fine dining experience and treatment .
1	omg its good .
1	the waiters are very nice here .
1	the penn brewery is a real gem !
1	flavors were great !
0	on top of that , it was $ _num_ for the shot .
1	catch you in the carowinds ride lines .
0	i usually have better results and never have to worry .
1	otherwise the staff is great .
0	i tried them and i was disappointed as well .
1	the clubhouse area is clean and comfortable .
1	great service and great food .
0	issue # _num_ : i ordered the chicken parm sub with fries .
1	very good .
1	this visit was better !
0	sever think i put the smell into the bowl .
1	great service , friendly staff , great food , great prices .
0	restaurants run out of things .
1	you will find that even the ones that sound weird are actually good .
0	i would not recommend this hibachi .
0	kebab lunch plates for $ _num_ !
0	i ordered take out and tried the new mango steak salad .
0	it was crowded and not friendly .
1	and i can tell you first hand that he really means it .
1	their regular menu has decent prices as well .
0	you only had 5-6 pho combinations to choose from .
1	we got offered dessert and coffee .
1	<unk> the best steak in az and best chowder .
0	and finally the beef was extremely dry .
0	i 'm a customer just like the others waiting .
0	we walked out .
1	love it !
1	the ultrasound techs know an outstanding amount of information .
0	even the margaritas left a lot to be desired .
1	i will be going back , since i 'm a local .
1	very polite people here , very professional , helpful , and patient .
0	capital grille two weeks ago , my son , same thing .
0	it was extremely loud inside .
1	but other than that , give it a go !
1	but its good food , made by real sushi chef 's from japan .
1	and i love their pie .
1	the food was delicious and prices are very favorable .
1	delicious !
1	this place has the best chicken wings .
1	the macaroni and cheese and the potato salad were so delicious .
1	and we got to meet david !
1	ken is a <unk> professional treating my wife and i with the utmost respect .
1	the staff was very friendly .
0	this entire thing has cost me over $ _num_ dollars of my money .
1	they even got slots and video poker !
1	the casino was so clean .
0	i just ordered it anyway and low and behold it was not very good .
0	this place is hit or miss .
1	i love you persian garden !
1	my absolute favorite `` chicago '' style pizza .
1	thank you !
0	the sitting areas and tables are in poor display .
1	another one of the great choices for chinese food in the champaign-urbana area .
0	poor service and dishonest waitresses .
1	staff is friendly and willing to help .
1	she is very kind and thorough .
0	we had _num_ bowls of soup and blackberry bread pudding .
0	literally grey and the water keeps turning cold .
0	it 's not that bad , just nothing special .
1	i went here after seeing all the good reviews .
1	huge portion of noodles though .
1	their beef bowl is great too .
1	overall the food and hospitality are very good .
1	the free chip assortment with your meal is always a hit .
1	she had the chopped salad and it was good and huge .
0	seriously , some of the worst cajun food on the planet .
1	super fun staff !
1	great food and great service !
0	i stood there for almost _num_ mins .
1	i usually sit at the bar and the ladies are friendly and attentive .
0	next thing is we 're bring served by entirely different server .
0	it was hardly filling .
0	we had to wait _num_ hrs for a _num_ $ dot exam .
1	the ladies here make this location a home !
1	lots of options for food and lovely deco .
1	great customer service experience .
1	this place is great , it has everything that a golfer would ever want .
1	the fruit was very fresh and tasted delicious .
0	i wo n't be coming back .
1	their prices are fair for the amount of food they serve .
1	great drinks and craft beer selection is coupled with very good food .
1	this place is great .
1	as for the food quality , this is my favorite chinese food around .
1	both men are professional , courteous and efficient .
0	there were maybe _num_ groups , with _num_ people total .
0	the mexican cookie was just the same consistency .
0	you do not put american cheese in a relleno .
1	teresa you are extra awesome !
0	six candy choices on display .
0	nope they auto renew your lease .
0	overall , our first experience , was not so great .
0	not thrilled with this place , probably wo n't come here again .
1	i also think the decor is super fun !
1	andrew was my stylist and what an amazing experience i had !
1	and ever so often my nails .
1	food was amazing and service was outstanding we will definitely be back !
0	my dishwasher never worked how is this my problem ?
0	customer service is terrible .
0	my husband ordered potato soup and salad .
1	i highly recommend their service department .
1	unique , fun , clean convenient , and great food !
1	the atmosphere is nice , not trendy .
1	will definitely make this place our regular dinning spot .
0	this hotel does not meet marriott expectations , even as a budget hotel .
1	and i 've been to a lot natural and whole food markets .
0	service was slow and not polite .
0	probably wo n't go back .
0	there was no excuse .
1	every time i order , it comes out perfect .
1	definitely one of the best cheese steaks i 've had in arizona .
1	the people that work there are the nicest folk that clearly love their jobs .
1	the server was very attentive .
1	very friendly staff .
1	love love love this place .
1	the sweet and sour soup .
1	it 's a piercing shop !
1	would absolutely recommend to anyone needing auto body work .
1	great service , great bbq , wings , sides , and desert !
1	comes with soup , an egg roll , and tea when you eat in .
1	this review is solely for the butter pecan .
1	highly recommended !
0	this owner is a pathetic tool .
1	expect to wait a bit , but be patient , it 's worth it !
1	this is the place to quick for a solid vietnamese hit on your tastebuds .
1	i love going to delmonico 's whether it 's for cocktails or dinner .
1	the food is great and i always get their spring rolls .
0	i have never been so disrespected in my life .
0	over priced and disorganized !
0	i have left bleeding twice .
0	avoid at all costs .
1	my mom and i stayed here for two nights over a holiday weekend .
0	but for now , do n't go .
0	they do not cater to their own folks .
0	had to reset whole phone to pull all my info in .
1	great ribs and pulled pork .
1	usually , people go to japanese all you can eat but quality isnt good .
0	slow to bus tables .
0	literally worst hotel i 've ever stayed in .
1	however , the food is great so i think it 's worth it .
1	i absolutely recommend !
1	thank you !
0	will not be coming back .
1	the employees at this location are always helpful and full of great suggestions .
1	excellent in every aspect !
1	one of my favorite pho places in lv .
1	donna is always very welcoming and super nice .
1	will keep going for the pedicures .
1	love the food and the staff are always nice .
0	are you kidding me ?
0	not sure why people like it so much .
1	excellent !
1	pizza was great , and the salad was huge .
0	they did n't even know the ages of my children .
0	the giant one in your face does n't mention it .
1	i got a buffalo burger and it was wonderful .
0	horrible customer service.
0	do n't waste your time , money or frustration with this place .
1	great service you guys !
0	my family has been coming here for over _num_ years .
0	the waitress was n't rude , but she just was n't there .
1	the entire staff here at kelly chiropractic are phenomenal people .
1	the sandwich i ordered was very good .
1	i really like this place .
1	thanks guys !
0	i ordered the vegetable fried rice for the take out meal .
1	the best pumpkin pancakes i have ever had !
1	service was attentive and accommodating and nice to our baby .
0	i tried several times during my _num_ minutes of tanning and still didnt work .
1	the ladies that work here are great !
0	i do n't know how people keep coming here .
1	will continue to eat here often as long as they or i are around .
0	the sales people i interacted with is very pushy and annoying .
1	i love coming to q d 's everyone is always so nice !
1	dr. ginger lane has gone above and beyond to help me with my situation .
0	it did n't even look appetizing but i was starving so i ate it .
1	i will definitely go back to this salon !
0	all it would have take n was a new pizza and wings .
1	great fast restaurant and the manager is phenomenal !
1	pays to have family living here .
1	thanks to pink jeep tours for a memorable experience !
1	nice place to pop in for happy hour or a quick dinner .
1	my husband and i are loyal customers .
1	i dream about the savory broth and noodles .
1	service was excellent from start to finish !
0	needless to say we wo n't be back to this store .
1	employees were nice !
1	the service was excellent .
1	flan was tasty .
1	the gluten free crust is better than any i 've had .
1	this place is as close to `` home '' as it gets !
1	longhorn has great food but i do think they are a little pricey !
1	dropped in here with a few friends after work one night .
1	absolutely love this farm , full of organic vegetables .
0	however , there are other places that are better for chinese food .
0	despite booking a seat in first class , she could not have cared less .
1	good food , a lot of variety and combos to choose from .
0	i was very unimpressed .
1	good quality and the sauces have so much flavor .
0	the crepes were still undercooked and mushy but the inside was hot .
1	the sweet tea , one of the best in town .
0	do n't waste your time or money ca n't even give it one star .
0	went through the drive thru and did not get my complete order .
0	again not very clean .
1	been coming to pino 's for years .
1	the service was spectacular , as it should be for this type of establishment .
1	their batter and fryer are awesome and i would recommend it to anyone .
1	my favorite restaurant in pittsburgh .
1	the experience that bank of america stadium offers is outstanding !
0	it looked like it would be great !
1	i like to window shop and people watch here .
1	she had a wonderful `` bedside manner '' with both my dog and me .
1	they love to talk sports .
1	this hospital is a gift for our area .
1	the food is wonderful , great drink selections , and a really nice atmosphere .
1	you can feel the warmth and dedication on every visit .
0	after about _num_ minutes the waiter brought our food out in to go boxes !
0	will not be back .
1	buy with confidence .
0	probably my fault that i did n't read the menu carefully .
1	barros serves some of the best pizza all around the valley at decent prices .
1	excellent corned beef hash .
1	good for gifts for your girlfriend .
1	this is my new mariscos spot !
1	best place for chinese in town .
0	so i went ahead and parked so i could go inside .
1	dr h is the best .
0	basically no basil to speak of and no `` splash of balsamic '' .
1	hands down best bar in the nation .
1	i love their hot bbq sauce but the mild is just as good .
1	i would recommend checking them out !
1	they are a family owned & operated business & they give tremendous service .
0	my grande margarita arrived sans alcohol .
0	so slow .
1	oh , and be sure to start with the warm cornbread and honey butter !
1	i 'm high anxiety and i felt really comfortable putting my trust in them .
1	requested a top floor and the scenic view was breathtaking .
0	getting charged for ranch when it comes with your meal is ridiculous .
1	they do a nice job .
0	now , i 'm looking for a new vet .
0	it took everything in my power to not cause a scene .
1	they do an excellent job !
1	really friendly staff and great liquor selections .
0	guy has no people skills .
1	really affordable at around $ _num_ with good food .
0	then i did it , i made an appointment .
0	not a big fan .
1	was very welcoming and attentive .
1	some salt and pepper plus ketchup finished them nicely .
1	very good .
1	the pulled pork and hamburgers are wonderful !
1	this place is a little hidden gem .
1	if you want a good burger , give it a shot .
0	the waitress passed me up _num_ times before serving me .
1	definitely worth the wait .
1	i greatly appreciated this excellent customer service .
1	worth the stop !
0	just disgusting .
0	on closer examination , the flowers are all fake .
1	i personally like a lot more spice .
0	they wo n't be getting my money again .
0	i did n't care .
0	pasta salad was hard .
0	there is also only _num_ pool there with super uncomfortable chairs around it .
0	why not just have us wait ?
0	there will be no surprises there .
1	very simple , but so delicious !
0	just overall blah : ( sadly disappointed and i will definitely not be returning .
0	overall , confusing and strange .
1	i wish it was closer to home .
1	the food is amazing !
1	definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves good food !
1	helpful staff , good selection and healthy plants .
0	we sat in a foot bath for almost _num_ minutes .
0	they did n't even have the courtesy to call us .
1	the staffs are very friendly , professional and knowledgeable .
1	they always get my order right and thank me for coming .
1	they were wonderful !
0	the men 's bathroom was horribly dirty and sticky .
1	i love this place so much .
0	the fill was disgusting .
1	will come back again and just this location .
1	very good .
1	great pizza , awesome wings and not to mention happy hour is unbeatable !
0	worst customer service ever encountered .
1	shrimp tempura roll and spicy california roll are both great .
0	the new room was clean , no bugs , .
1	i adore this place !
1	pretty good wine list too !
0	this particular deli meat however , was a few steps beyond .
1	we also had a shrimp taco which was absolutely delicious .
1	i 'm so glad i chose always & forever !
1	staff is very friendly & great at what they do .
0	overall we left disappointed that we drove that far for such an unimpressive dinner .
1	but the food is amazing .
1	talk about home away from home !
1	both husband and wife are awesome with their hands .
0	by the way , my fish was not even fried right .
1	it was really good i decided to get shrimp with it .
0	my sausage was cold too .
1	good idea after hiking camelback mountain ... .
1	thanks for going the extra mile !
1	every time i come into the store it is neat and clean .
0	not sure why they take appointments if they will take <unk> first .
1	highly recommended for great bbq in las vegas .
1	i will definitely recommend this office to everyone .
0	we had a disgusting chicken parmigiana hero .
1	he was professional and fun at the same .
1	this is a pretty solid pizza and comes pretty close to east coast stuff .
0	one star , zero if there was a zero rating !
1	and eva bartender pretty great too !
1	i love their whole menu .
1	the entire staff is incredibly friendly .
0	the price was extremely high for food that was bland and not impressive .
1	i love food , and this is my favorite food in the valley .
0	the only good thing is the chips and salsa .
0	crappy experience , wo n't be back to this location any time soon .
1	there hot n sour soup is the best .
0	i will not be back for a third rip off .
1	wow .
1	clean cut , polite and he knew his stuff .
0	just wished we could have done it sooner .
1	good food too !
0	gross .
0	bad experience .
1	i especially liked the modern art area .
0	this was my 5th visit .
1	i definitely recommend paradise and will be back soon .
1	i recommend the dilly bird on focaccia .
0	i was n't .
1	i would recommend this to anyone traveling to madison 's west side .
0	they did n't want to process the return even thought item was never opened .
0	quality service is terrible .
1	living here for the last two years has been nice .
1	i love this location , it 's always a good experience .
1	we will always call these guys !
0	have been dying to try this kosher place for some time .
1	drop by and you will likely find what you are looking for .
1	lgo is simply a place you can go to with anyone for any reason .
0	this salad was $ _num_ .
1	try their bruschetta , a perfect vino pairing .
1	i have had a salad , a sandwich , and a melt .
1	for the price and the taste , i give it _num_ stars .
1	these guys go above and beyond .
1	will definitely go back for more and try their dishes .
1	the cobb salad was great .
0	i had a shrimp trio and the shrimp were very small and lacked flavor .
0	i went there last friday before a hair appointment next door .
1	but surprisingly the hotel was quite pleasant .
0	i took another bite and the chicken tasted old - reheated or something .
0	the soup was the only item that arrived hot .
1	decor is top notch .
1	the food was really really good .
0	this store is a train wreck .
0	but he says the burger was a _num_ star .
1	seriously best thing possible .
0	it worked for about an hour , then the check engine light came on .
0	i came here wanting some kalua pig .
1	i was so pleased and will go back here again !
1	i believe they have a great staff & very reasonable prices .
0	only good thing : the salsa , and the bowl it came in .
0	spent money on crappy food and horrible service !
1	the place was nice and clean and no real issues .
0	even when they make eye contact , they ignore you .
0	if i had n't have been starving , i would have walked out .
1	great ambience .
1	had to get a cake for our wedding anniversary and the wife 's birthday .
0	sometimes fresh , sometimes stale .
1	service was exceptional .
1	very good food and excellent service .
1	awesome .
1	i will definitely be taking them back there for more fun times .
0	was told first that all that was available from lexus was _num_ .
1	best deal in town .
0	very impersonal .
1	thx for the wonderful service .
1	great salon !
1	which is a great deal .
1	they have really good fried fish plate .
1	seriously my go to spot in downtown phoenix .
1	i will come back !
1	plus the parking is amazing and the view from the parking lot is amazing .
1	these guys and houston 's are awesome .
0	the weather is great but the service mediocre at best .
1	you guys keep getting better and better !
0	strange menu : pasta , but no burritos .
1	the food is delicious .
0	please get your restaurant better organized .
0	this company needs to revisit customer service _num_ to their employees .
1	thank you !
0	so i gave it a chance .
1	frame your expectations accordingly , and you wo n't be disappointed .
0	_num_ mins .
1	they are also all very nice !
0	i have never heard that in my life !
1	north ranch animal hospital was recommended to me by a neighbor several years ago .
0	but missing either some spice , salt etc .
1	the fairways are always <unk> and the greens well manicured .
0	it 's a shame that they run their business this way .
1	the staff is nice .
1	great food at a great price .
1	the food is the best in town and i 'll be back soon .
1	the staff is always friendly and they look like they genuinely enjoy their jobs !
0	i gave a mani/pedi to my daughter as a gift .
1	i had a full <unk> and an absolutely thrilled with the results .
0	the mashed potatoes tasted like instant .
1	love this place !
1	i love this place , especially for a hearty breakfast .
1	my best friend and i came here friday for dinner .
0	every time i turn my shower on , i 'm greeted by rusty water .
1	they are honest professionals .
1	the prices are beyond fair and dr. anderson is amazing .
1	i got the pecan waffle with a side of eggs .
1	the wine , great !
1	( above & beyond ) highly recomend .
0	every few weeks it seemed like there was something wrong with it .
1	if you like bananas the banana split smoothie is delicious !
1	absolutely !
1	as always , i experienced excellent services .
1	it was nice enough and convenient , and the staff was super nice .
1	they 're quick , and delicious !
0	( which seems borderline unethical in the medical profession . )
1	love it .
0	not worth the time and money to go here .
1	david and his staff are all incredibly kind , helpful and knowledgeable .
1	great service !
0	wrong .
1	we will definitely be back for the wedding bands .
1	i am always so pleased with the customer service here .
1	the service was great , quick and friendly .
1	these guys are very honest and fair .
1	their fish is always fresh .
1	this dressing complemented the greek salad very well .
0	not worth the expense .
0	completely inappropriate !
1	thank you dr. g !
1	worth the drive to this outstanding authentic mexican food .
0	although the ambiance is much improved , my gyro lacked taste .
1	it 's a korean place , yes .
1	service is good ... could use a few more smiles .
0	does n't care about patients , only making a profit .
0	will avoid in the future .
1	absolutely amazing burger .
0	did not like the food .
0	terrible service .
1	: ) the burgers are pretty big .
0	i really wanted to like this place , sadly disappointed .
1	the `` fit fare '' skillet i had was very filling and tasted great .
1	so very impressed !
1	very good !
1	beef with broccoli , steamed rice , and egg roll .
1	we always enjoy our dinner here .
1	he 's a kind , caring individual and really cares about his clientele .
0	the lunches came with `` fried rice '' that was basically dried yellow rice .
1	garlic knots are amazing as well !
0	i 've been there twice now and i am not impressed .
1	just a great team that offers amazing patient care .
0	rented a dodge and it was dirty .
0	no problem right ?
1	i had a great eating experience here today .
1	both were delicious and worth eating again .
1	i must admit i love manuel 's !
1	seriously good customer service .
1	i ordered the half slab of ribs with a house salad and sweet potato .
1	decent environment .
1	nice location ... within walking distance for most of the center city hotels .
1	this is the best fish and chips that i have tasted in phoenix .
0	that 's really expensive for tilapia !
1	the wings are always amazing .
0	plus no music etc .
0	we wait and wait and wait for about _num_ minutes .
0	i sent it back and another salad was given to me without dressing .
0	i agreed and started to feel gross thinking about eating any more of it .
1	mary lou was a great waitress too .
1	lots of asians dine here , which means it is good .
1	they have a huge cheeses , wine , fudge and specialty food items .
1	try the california benedict you will love it !
0	we literally walked out after tasting the food .
1	everything here is sooo good .
1	expect this and you will be happy .
1	great office .
1	i was worried , but they loved it !
1	i would recommend to anyone .
1	they did am awesome job with my hair and the prices were great !
1	always makes everyone feel welcome , and join in the fun !
1	`` broke da mouth '' - otherwise known as `` superb '' .
1	for a lunch buffet ... excellent and i am not a buffet person !
0	my hamburger last night was clearly two frozen patties grilled with toppings .
1	we will most likely be there again in september for my husband 's birthday .
0	average drink prices these days , nothing special .
1	this place is a classic .
1	hands down this is my favorite restaurant in vegas .
1	nice hotdogs .
0	i will not be back !
0	no explanation .
1	i will definitely be bringing my dog back .
1	the sandwiches are also great , because the meat is of such high quality .
1	our favorite irish pub !
0	the wifi would not work and the tech support is useless .
0	the side dish was decent but not nearly enough .
0	i will stop at wendy 's before i go back to this place .
0	and i thought , `` what the hell am i gon na do now ?
0	great pizza and wings but some of the employees are rude .
1	awesome !
0	the food did n't taste fresh to me .
1	i love feeling like a queen for the day .
1	the best place for authentic vietnamese food !
0	bland , overcooked food with food servers being totally ignorant of customer service .
0	i have no clue what they carry since they just dropped so many items .
0	that was maybe six inches tall and a foot across .
1	great games and prizes .
0	the staff at this store is very rude .
1	the staff most considerate and friendly .
0	i got a bean burrito with sour cream and a large horchata .
0	service was the worst !
0	i would suggest that nobody goes there .
1	our server was phenomenal and the food was better than benihana 's !
0	what the hell ?
0	the service was just bad .
1	my boyfriend and i went last night and it was amazing !
0	far cry from the awesome steaks just across the parking lot at firebirds .
0	at this location it was more beans & rice than chicken .
0	no thanks .
1	not only is the food delicious the service is outstanding !
1	worth a drive .
1	the restaurant is quaint .
0	at this point , i get the picture .
1	consistent , nice staff , great catering , and did i mention great food !
1	love , love , love r & s !
1	the filling was impeccable because it was n't too sweet or overly filled .
0	just bad food ... stay away .
1	the service , food , ambience ... everything was outstanding !
0	will not be going back .
0	it 's so poorly managed it 's laughable .
0	we made a reservation at 7pm ; did n't get helped until 8pm .
1	despite always being crowded , i love the sandwich and fries .
0	although delivery was prompt and driver pleasant the food in taste was poor .
0	finally , do n't be in a rush .
1	fyi : these folks take bicycle benefits , as well !
1	sizzling rice soup make any sick day so much better .
1	it 's a great little shop .
0	either way , pizza hut off the map for me .
1	thank you for a nice dinner .
1	we will definitely be back .
0	horrible horrible horrible .
1	the food is fresh , done well and flavorful .
1	great service and great food !
1	overall i enjoy shopping here .
0	i felt bad for the hostess .
0	the ricotta was dumped on top and added nothing to the dish .
0	but this is ridiculous .
0	the french do not eat this crap .
1	it 's my favorite !
1	the employees here are always friendly and the sales are usually great .
1	she did a great job !
0	i had the falafel gyro and it was definitely not that good .
1	the house favorites are great .
1	i stayed here for a couple nights attending some work meetings .
1	you have to love the _num_ menu and the staff !
1	i would definitely recommend that you stop in !
1	the bagels are a great way to go as well .
0	my opinion on this has been shaped over my last few visits .
0	jeremy was ride and had no interest in helping me .
1	thank you to the pima dental team !
0	hell no !
0	it 's expensive , for one .
1	i enjoyed this restaurant .
1	the mussels appetizer is one of the best appetizers in charlotte .
1	the store also offers chips and candy for you salty and sweet tooth .
0	i could n't get the taste of char out of my mouth .
0	even my partner who likes vinaigrette could not eat it .
1	great place !
0	i cancelled my membership after _num_ days , well within the _num_ day window .
1	service phenomenal !
1	this place has the hottest girls .
1	i had a grand slam ... it was more than enough food .
0	the beef tongue was n't bad , though more chewy than tender .
1	i love having qt so close to my home .
0	so , we went to firestone across the way to get a second opinion .
1	the service was great too .
1	did a great job .
1	first off , leave your snobby expectations of phenomenal service at the door .
0	they did email me a picture of it , however we never received it .
1	cabo is my favorite spot .
0	me `` okay ... i guess ? ''
1	best pizza in tempe .
0	it was no bueno .
0	to add insult to injury , they try to play the club vibe outside .
1	excellent donuts .
0	once we were seated , we were rushed through our breakfast .
1	i love sushi is our go to restaurant for sushi .
1	the girls there that helped me were energetic and fun to talk to .
1	it 's a airport ... .
1	tree lined picnic table area .
1	very nice guy and always willing to help .
0	the chairs started falling apart from day one .
1	cool place absolutely filled with texas memorabilia .
0	we arrived and approached the empty hostess counter .
0	service was awful .
1	strong recommendation .
0	the food , however , is mediocre at best .
1	when we arrived we received specially printed menus that wished him happy birthday !
1	the service , the food and the experience are always _num_ stars .
1	nice ladies who work there .
1	this is my favorite bacon , hands down .
0	all this while i still had not received our drinks .
1	good music , fun space and attentive bartenders .
0	next plate .
1	so good .
1	maintenance is always on point .
1	this place is a gem !
0	the cheese enchiladas were disgusting .
1	i love trader joe 's !
1	good experience .
1	you are definitely paying for the view and service here .
0	whoever makes those recipes out to be fired .
0	we have to flag him down .
1	great food at a very good ( read : cheap ! )
1	fresh and good ... but i was starving .
0	i have cuts under my nails which is very uncomfortable .
1	this is a great little walgreens .
1	everything is very organized and easy to find .
1	good _num_ $ gyro special .
1	great shop , awesome staff , sweet selection of every kind of bike .
1	the prices are good too .
1	parking is easy and convenient .
1	dr. patel is a great doctor , and very informative .
1	for one , i usually find good quality products at good prices .
1	fist of all you all make me sick .
1	lots of great veg friendly options , also a bonus !
0	very unprofessional - will never go back .
1	our server was a cute chick with awesome hair .
1	service is good .
1	the staff has always been attentive and friendly , in my experience .
1	very friendly service from the hostess to our server .
1	the best service ever !
0	today i received horrible service , small portions and very slow service .
1	; ) i just loved it .
1	amazing chicken parm .
1	highly recommend this place over anywhere else !
0	waitress finally came running out probably thinking we skipped out .
1	overall a great food and environment .
0	gross .
0	there were no deals no discounts .
1	and it was a big job .
1	definitely visit .
0	i did n't mind the old room so much .
1	the ahwatukee store rocks !
1	great cheese pizza !
0	gross hotel !
0	karen at the register is rude and off putting .
1	i love their sausage .
1	nice attentive owners and great service .
0	however , i was never seen by the doctor on call .
1	it is the people that make the business , and these employees are great .
1	wow !
1	delicious , unique , amazing hotcakes !
0	i did contact them and they refunded me the $ _num_ .
1	it was good for all of us even my niece who 's only _num_ .
1	i got a good haircut and style at a decent price .
1	i also picked up a couple pounds of pork belly .
0	i was standing up on them trying to get it to stop .
1	the staff are friendly and the food is great .
0	more than half was onion and peppers with just a little seafood .
1	incredible hotel .
0	was not able to even get an appointment .
1	yes please !
0	they do n't care unless you hand them their paycheck .
1	give this spot a shot , you wo n't regret it !
1	every thing was fresh and well made .
0	our sushi was mediocre as ra sushi tends to be .
1	the value for the money is insane and they do a wonderful job .
1	i always order the pho vegan , and it it excellent !
1	also this is a clean , well-maintained location as well .
1	nice atmosphere .
1	great wings , appetizers , and sandwiches !
1	always delicious .
1	neat idea .
0	selection a bit limited and noisy when busy .
1	my experience was great beginning to end .
1	this is a great spot for freshly made donuts .
0	i did n't have that wow factor .
0	we spent about $ _num_ on pizza and a glass of wine .
1	i love this spot .
0	she was clueless .
0	albertsons is my closest grocery store .
1	best mexican food i 've had since i lived in tucson .
0	i came back and still the same situation , _num_ tellers and long line .
1	the variety and quality of their cactus is outstanding .
0	wrong .
1	i got their irish coffee !
0	it is now 9pm and i still have no food .
1	overall : nice place for a good meal at a fair price !
0	just make some shrimp and save yourself the heart ache .
1	great as always .
1	drinks are amazing , everything you can think of and more .
0	how she puts up with him ... i have no idea !
1	but i know , that 's asking a lot .
0	finally the paperwork arrived and all was resolved .
1	awesome awesome awesome !
0	the manager mary had poor customer service skills .
1	along with papago , it is the best value in the valley .
0	she could n't even get our drink order right .
1	great food , including seafood pho and sandwiches very cheap .
1	overall , i 've received great service and great value at michael 's .
1	my new love is the thai curry .
1	i really do keep meaning to go for free line dance lessons .
1	i will be going back for more !
0	the manager is very unprofessional and the employees are rude and lazy .
1	excellent all the way around !
0	when i went to pay , cashier said $ _num_ more than menu price .
1	the salon is clean and everyone is really friendly .
0	how hard is it to put blue icing on it instead of pink ?
1	very good !
0	horrible customer service .
0	better yet , just find a different healthcare facility to go to !
1	they do a great job with large parties too .
1	lovely time at a new u day spa .
0	the shrimp was cooked alright but no <unk> was used to prepare them .
1	the freshly made bread is fabulous .
0	our other dish , curry squash with chicken , had hardly any chicken .
1	salsa is fresh and tasty .
1	definitely worth a visit .
1	what a great team !
1	everyone on my team seemed to enjoy their food .
0	that is not what you want to hear first thing in the morning !
1	best part is they are open late .
1	this is one of the best deals for a practice facility in town .
0	went in for a simple manicure and they damaged my nails beyond repair .
1	i would highly recommend them .
1	in addition , the management is great .
1	i 'm definitely coming back to this spot every time i 'm in phoenix !
1	fast service and very friendly staff today ( even though they were understaffed ) .
0	i should leave a _num_ year old by herself ?
1	best customer service i have ever received !
1	susan j .
1	i was very happy that they were able to remake my salad without cheese .
1	absolutely love this place !
0	i will never go back to total <unk> .
0	i 'm going to miss the place since it was becoming a fav .
1	a little wait but worth the price .
0	the girl i spoke to on the phone , offered to tow our truck .
1	michelle was attentive and very nice !
0	they gave us _num_ bucks back for the shake and apologized .
0	the fish did not taste fresh and made me feel sick .
1	this place is by far the best sushi in the east valley .
1	definitely pricey among the waterfront restaurants , but to me it is worth it .
1	nice , clean , spacious and quiet !
0	plus , be warned , it does not include the rides .
1	fun place to drink at bar .
1	fun atmosphere and tasty pizzas .
0	egg drop soup that came with it was way too thick .
0	i am a no nonsense kind of person .
1	she 's still <unk> about the flavorful pho .
1	simply the best !
1	i was matched with marissa and she is wonderful !
0	i was thoroughly unimpressed , which made me a little sad .
1	i recently discovered baba 's since i just moved from new jersey .
1	the people are very nice .
1	highly recommend anyone that is going through wickenburg to give this place a try .
1	i think their grilled chicken is super tasty and the service is always exceptional .
1	superb customer service .
1	we shared a sandwich and salad and both were great .
1	love this place !
0	this was really annoying , but we were n't offered any excuses or apologies .
1	she was helpful and pleasant !
0	overall , for the price you pay , service is just horrible .
1	one of the best restaurant meals i 've ever had .
1	every time i 've been the food is fresh and completely home made .
1	italian food on a budget works for me .
0	i was so disappointed !
0	every time you call they give you wrong information .
1	excellent service !
1	great deal , great pizza !
0	left and went straight to my usual barber .
0	the fries i had been given were pretty delicious .
0	no one even apologized or acknowledged i waited that long !
1	they also a lot of fresh seafood in live tanks .
1	the workers are friendly and helpful which is a plus .
1	we love 'em !
0	i woke up around 6pm , she was still sleeping .
1	cute and safe for work .
1	our waitress was excellent and was sympathetic about a soggy blt .
0	avoid coming here at all risk .
1	clean , friendly , lots of parking , fast , friendly , good stuff !
1	definitely one of my many favorite restaurants in charlotte .
1	this place is for you .
1	this is a win ladies .
0	note : i 've taken the shuttle service in seattle .
0	not only that but the floors were very grimy .
1	love it .
0	service is very slow .
1	i highly recommend taking all of your framing needs to them !
1	the staff is friendly and welcoming .
1	had dinner here the other night and it was lovely .
0	for chain style restaraunt they should have had it down .
0	maybe it 's the sauce that covers up the awful meat ?
1	for my money the best sushi in the valley .
0	so , in short dont go there .
1	kind of a cute little dive with amazing food .
1	the environment was warm and welcoming .
1	love the honey toast .
0	it was a terrible experience .
1	helped us out during travels .
1	i would definitely recommend going during happy hour and trying the spinach queso .
1	we will definitely be back again !
1	great product , excellent service , great installation .
1	great location .
1	casual , clean and friendly .
1	a huge favorite place in my book !
1	the chai milkshakes are amazing , as are all of their drinks .
1	and i recommend them to anyone .
0	my wife had the chicken pesto pasta .
1	i have found a great many bargains at the exchange in squirrel hill .
0	of course , like all offices , they said both were excellent .
0	-- to drop the ball .
0	what happened safeway , did you guys get new managers .
1	the live music was a nice touch .
1	great prices .
1	best chinese food ever .
0	i should mention the place was pretty empty so she was not overwhelmingly busy .
0	i am very upset i had to pay anything for it at all !
0	i do n't see why not but there are better .
1	food is good .
0	which was not discussed at my lease signing .
0	do n't say i did n't tell you so .
0	horrible delivery service .
0	it taste like it had been cooked in week old oil .
0	however , that does not help when the place becomes over run with peeps .
0	first issue : long long lines due to having way too few employees working .
1	fresh sandwiches were great ... .
1	the pizza is good and the deserts are great .
1	this place is really amazing .
1	it was great .
1	love mcdonald 's ice coffee drinks .
1	great service and friendly people .
1	the office staff was super nice too !
1	the service is great too .
0	i just ca n't believe this is the chicken spot that everyone talks about .
1	the home-made salsa was perfect !
1	pretty good mall all in all .
1	all the food is homemade & extremely good .
1	this place is amazing !
1	everything was pretty good .
1	delicious dive .
0	cigarettes are not a replacement for tea bags !
1	would recommend to others .
1	drinks are inexpensive and the staff is always friendly .
1	quick service , absolutely reliable .
0	it 's probably the easiest thing to change on the car .
0	before our food arrived , we asked for the bill to cancel our order .
0	the medication i take can only be written for _num_ month at a time .
0	instead of cabbage , there were pieces of ripped up lettuce .
0	i 'm just saying , it was a bit insulting .
0	bad company , sometimes good but mostly bad .
0	the pho is overpriced and salty .
0	that 's just bad bad customer service .
0	thats the only positive thing i have to say about this airline .
1	pricey but worth it .
1	very clean and roomy .
0	service was not at its best .
0	you hardly give the kids any food as it is !
0	we were disappointed with our entrees .
0	and it 's not been for a couple of years .
0	plus the 2am crowd is interesting !
0	her reaction was slow .
1	very good can not say enough how good it really is .
0	there is nothing in the box but chicken !
1	george , doug and everyone was great !
1	fast service .
0	i was n't that impressed .
0	we 're not too impressed .
1	fantastic view of downtown .
0	my worst time was _num_ mins .
0	my wife had the buffalo mozzarella ... small portion , but not bad .
0	but of course , this also sounds like a pretty horrible idea .
1	exquisite !
1	interesting bagels and some interesting ethnic dishes .
1	worth checking out !
1	majority of neighbors are very nice .
1	the deli rocks and the desserts are so delish !
1	it was fantastic .
1	the chicken was so tender and juicy !
1	really good food .
1	breakfast buffet outstanding .
1	i really enjoy the tortellini gorgonzola , but all the food is always excellent .
1	great !
1	definitely one of our favorite neighborhood joints .
0	that i could handle that , no problem .
1	the employees are so helpful , friendly and genuine .
1	nice modern building now .
1	the music is loud and the people are ... well.
0	chips and salsa what mexican restaurant charges for that ?
1	the red sauce is great .
1	love moto 's salads , and their sushi is good as well .
1	they show appreciation for your business .
1	love this place .
1	the food has always been great .
0	the wraps i received at this location were very disappointing .
0	even the orange juice was bad .
0	bad form , dr. <unk> .
1	i have been here _num_ times and have had a great experience every time .
1	i choose a three way flavor with cream on top .
1	attended a family wedding , which was lovely .
0	no beers on tap .
1	greg wonderful waiter .
0	and why did you wait all that time to tell me ?
1	looks like i found a new favorite !
0	would not recommend them to anyone .
1	all these years gone by but today was the day like something glorious .
1	the whole staff there were so nice .
1	will have to go back !
1	it really is a family friendly place .
0	the pho was disgusting .
1	i really appreciate the selection of organic foods and produce .
1	good food , and excellent service .
1	great nail shop .
0	next we were told to pull up , worst thing you can agree too .
1	fair price .
0	horrible way to run a business !
1	my glass was never empty and food is prepared perfectly everytime .
0	used to be my favorite !
1	the sound was great for a large space .
1	amazing .
1	service was lovely .
1	i love this place !
1	i also had the pepper steak which was very tasty .
0	poor people stuck behind me .
1	so much fun for the kids !
0	i did n't come there for a show .
0	but wait ... whats that ?
0	our room had an ac leak .
0	for such a small airport this place is very inefficient .
0	so i chose the fries .
1	the sandwiches are all made fresh .
1	the center is clean and well groomed .
1	the pricing is more than reasonable ( best in town ) .
0	it was quite small though .
1	authentic !
1	probably the best crust i 've had in a while .
1	travel for work weekly and always eating out .
0	sorry to say this place has been better in the past .
1	the staff are helpful , accommodating and quite cool !
0	it was a mess to look at .
1	we will definitely return !
1	this is easily the best hair cut i have ever gotten .
1	this is the best part of this bar .
1	thanks mark !
0	unfortunately the husband did them .
0	always long wait times over the phone , all day .
0	the color was no longer there .
1	i really liked a lot of things and really did n't like one thing .
0	she could have at least said something so he could watch for infection .
0	then ... he comes back .
1	i got two beef and guacamole tacos .
0	it 's not worth the price .
0	only good experience was the lady who did my eyebrows .
1	everything else we had was good too !
1	the three people that i had contact with in this store were amazing .
1	we actually had _num_ great experiences .
1	the service , unlike a few other reviews have stated , was pretty decent .
1	available fresh fruit and salads .
1	they saved my dog 's life !
0	i highly recommend this place sam woo can go without our business .
1	the salads are surprisingly my favorite thing on the menu !
1	great staff , atmosphere .
1	omg , you have to have it .
1	our installer recommended them and we were impressed with their customer service.
1	stayed at the ritz and they recommended this place .
1	i was so impressed by the staff and the overall experience .
0	you may want to consider having the pizza delivered .
0	small sides of guacamole are $ _num_ .
1	i absolutely recommend this hospital for your pets !
0	the place is overpriced and completely poor quality .
0	unacceptable .
1	so much fun !
0	very inconsistent .
0	union cab is the much better option in madison because they respect their customers .
0	should try ordering from the menu it might be better .
1	i 've been going here for years and everyone is so friendly and helpful .
0	my husband complained and they shrugged and said they were sorry .
1	the service was also great .
1	super good atmosphere for a date and they have great service .
1	my fianc and i had an amazing dining experience .
0	next , i waited _num_ hours for my room to be ready .
1	was a first timer at the buffet but it was good .
0	i will happily eat rare meat , but rare duck is awful .
1	it is huge and something amazing to see .
1	also their juice is excellent whether its off the menu or custom .
0	why are the fast food chains always so busy ?
0	unbelievably horrible service .
1	excellent pizza and entrees .
1	i 'm grateful to have it in the neighborhood .
1	i was just as impressed with the service .
0	overall this resort is a disappointment .
0	the sauce was bland .
1	highly recommended .
1	the parents seem nice , the kids seem well behaved .
0	they were very efficient in making it out in time and fixed it .
1	great quality work .
1	the hot salsa is delicious .
1	happy hour specials are constantly changing to appeal to clientele .
1	the icecream was n't the best , but the kids enjoyed it .
0	which was disgusting .
1	excellent spring rolls , peanut sauce is the key !
0	worst place ever !
1	the provolone at deli counter is really exceptional .
1	their bread is fresh baked and amazing .
1	i will definitely be back .
1	this is definitely one of my spots on this side of town !
0	you have to tell the clerk to wear gloves .
0	i searched yelp to try find decent sushi while visiting phoenix with my family .
0	i had the walleye fish and the sauce on top of it was salty .
1	we have had breakfast here a ton , and its cheap and good .
1	they care about what they are serving and always go above and beyond .
1	this store is the best in phoenix .
0	brutal .
0	gross , gross gross ... .
0	the food was not terrible , but not great .
0	it was n't the first time either .
0	i did not complain , it looked good enough .
1	iced coffee is good too .
1	she is super friendly and is extremely knowledgeable about the cars they sell .
1	the place is always busy due to high demand for quality greek cuisine .
1	great customer service .
1	great community to be a part of .
0	turns out , the dark brown layer was actually rotten avocado .
1	i especially love the handmade toys , they are wonderful .
0	the salad bar is mediocre with basic items that were at least fresh .
1	everything here is good , at least everything i 've tried is !
1	they also bring out complimentary white chocolate tamales that tasted really good !
1	my kids love this place .
0	terrible first experience .
0	the bacon was so gross .
0	hotels are supposed to make their customers feel welcomed .
0	no problem again .
1	their meatloaf of gods was pretty good .
1	i love the staff and the atmosphere .
1	an impressive wine selection which is ever changing .
0	the problem was fixed !
1	it 's an unassuming strip mall joint with a pretty straight forward menu .
1	meatballs from heaven !
1	having said all of that , we still really enjoy this hotel .
0	the tamales sucked !
0	so all in all , this place is not getting my business .
0	not worth it .
1	was on time , friendly and professional .
1	what a great place to catch an intimate show in noda .
1	had a great experience buying our first harley !
1	the fresh caramel flan & chips and salsa are also very good .
1	food is solid , staff was friendly , salsa was yum as always .
0	the server was nice , thats the only positive i can say .
1	love the sweet potato salad !
1	this small veterinary clinic is the best !
0	we had no problems getting drink refills .
0	i would not recommend coming here unless you like rude staff and long waits .
1	extremely friendly staff .
0	me and my squad went from one hundred to zero real quick .
1	all in all , a very nice facility if you 're in need !
1	i love their pierogies .
0	i am not sure what happened in the following months .
1	love this place !
0	it 's not about $ _num_ .
1	loved the soup !
1	for a decadent starter , i highly recommend the seafood dish !
0	car dealerships are way cheaper than this joke of a company .
0	poor service and mediocre food .
1	dr. andy is great !
0	during the _num_ days i was in that room it was never vacuumed .
0	no sense of urgency on her part .
1	came in the next day and had it replaced !
1	my whole experience was great .
1	it is very authentic and fresh .
0	that is ridiculous !
1	my family has liked it from our first bite .
0	it was busy but at times could n't find her .
1	friendly staff , nice clean place .
0	to be fair , the tamale was ok .
1	we visited lo-lo 's today and it was amazing .
0	i feel like i 've had better pho back in la .
1	friendly service and a good selection of aloha eats -- mahalo !
0	that 's sad because i like thai food .
1	fresh and yummy .
1	great italian food , for 1/2 the cost of equivalent quality on the strip .
0	eggs gross me out .
1	friendly staff .
1	they treat you like their friends ( or family ) .
1	thank you !
0	if you are hispanic you will get treated much better .
1	got a full set of french tips with a design .
0	his reply was that he did n't see it .
0	no frills menu , meh service , that 's about all i got .
0	the rooms are boring , small and not nice .
1	good service with big portion great tasting food .
0	food came out on hot plates but it was cold .
1	i always recommend the salon when someone asks where to go .
0	they are rude and we do not recommend their food .
1	this is the best out of the downtown location au <unk> pains .
0	so if you do go do n't pay full price !
1	easily the best lamb chops i 've ever had .
1	the chips are light and freshly made .
1	also great food .
0	i wo n't be back .
1	casino arizona is good time !
1	i will be back again !
1	excellent experience with dr. patel and his staff .
1	the staff are wonderful .
1	this is my new bar spot !
1	prices are pretty good as well .
1	great atmosphere and outdoor patio in the kierland area .
0	i mean , they do n't have a pressure washer . ''
1	great service , friendly staff .
0	terrible .
1	i love this place !
1	heck yeah i want some more of it .
1	i can always count on fresh popcorn , clean floors , and roomy theaters .
1	what a hidden gem !
1	everyone in the neighborhood is a fan i swear !
1	the steaks are always great !
1	so good .
1	they have an awesome selection of classes for adults and kids !
1	by far one of the best strip clubs ever .
1	lee lee 's is a fine store with a lot of variety .
1	nice beer and wine section .
1	the burger was great .
1	i always feel well taken care of and appreciated .
0	the place is crowded and cramped too , but not unpleasant .
1	the majority of the food has a mediterranean <unk> .
1	i love it .
1	i love th beef <unk> too !
0	you could not get this at a normal pharmacy .
0	we went back tonight and had another bad experience .
0	_num_ hours spent waiting and still have n't been called .
1	he was a pleasure to work with and was very well-organized .
0	it was very hard for me to tolerate this .
0	the first time was last summer and i just felt ill all over .
0	okay thai food , nothing special , and overpriced .
0	i did n't need a $ _num_ package ( the least expensive ) .
1	thank you for standing behind your products .
1	food is yummy and the live music they had thursday evening was a treat !
1	decent booze in the speed rack .
1	many of their dishes are great , and they have a good chutney .
0	save yourself some time and frustration and go to the one in mesa .
1	they are truly wonderful , caring people !
1	this place is cash only so make sure you bring it .
1	the staff is always amazing and incredibly friendly .
1	the <unk> pool was immaculate and poolside service was fantastic .
0	i would not recommend this shop .
1	the service is beyond excellent .
0	i do n't know what people see in this place .
0	wrong !
0	that does n't help me pay my bills !
0	disgusting !
1	we love this vet !
1	thank you to all very much .
1	ace hardware yay !
1	love the hawaiian burger with fresh onions rings .
1	my _num_ 1/2 year old daughter loved it .
0	sunday afternoon and they only had _num_ check points open in terminal four .
1	belly up !
1	was greeted with a smile .
0	not _num_ hour old fries .
0	no frills .
1	the specialty chicken is awesome !
1	courtney was very cordial and friendly .
1	they have some neat things inside , almost like an old general store .
0	everyone ignored me , probably thinking i was just an impatient ayce customer .
1	thank you shawn eric !
1	went for the first time on a friday with two friends .
1	the food is always hot and comes out quickly .
1	it is the checkout line .
0	very busy place , but way over hyped !
1	fantastic food and service .
1	it was a pretty inexpensive meal in top of that .
1	ok , arthur 's so deserves and update and better rating .
1	i love this place !
1	i love their food !
1	their attention to detail and follow up during the transition was exceptional .
1	much better than pf chang 's .
1	i will definitely be back .
0	we never had water , beer , silverware or napkins .
0	richard was rude and disrespectful from the minute we arrived .
1	and everyone in the shop does quality work .
1	they are purely excellent !
0	oh , and they did not fill up the fluids as stated .
0	they had n't been cleaned properly .
0	they act like they dont even care .
0	what a shame on them .
1	we have purchased furniture from ashley several times and have always been happy .
0	not so much for the manager patty , she 's very rude and unprofessional .
1	everyone who works there is incredibly nice .
0	rushed work = money hungry people .
1	one of the best sub places in the area .
0	not friendly and not professional .
1	awesome !
1	restrooms were actually clean .
1	real true pumpkin flavor and not shy on the spice .
1	really terrific family chinese food .
0	that i just asked that my meal be placed to-go at that point .
1	he was funny , knowledgable and very professional .
0	the service was slow and the restaurant is dated .
0	i just passed six tables empty and clean .
0	but it was still too big when i put it on the next day .
1	thanks !
1	food is tasty and good assortment .
1	i would definitely recommend spectrum .
1	i like pei wei , its good when i want something fast .
1	and i got the steak burrito .
1	she was very pleasant , friendly , and efficient .
0	they did include avocado , but that 's all she could taste .
1	this is certainly a unique sub shop !
1	service and prices are good .
0	just a poor design all around .
1	it also comes with soup and a salad .
1	i can always count on a great haircut here .
0	the lady at the counter did not know i can understand cantonese .
1	both the vegetarian and the tuscan tuna sandwiches were really , really good .
0	bad choice .
1	great jamaican , great buffet !
0	avoid this store at all cost .
0	the food is not good .
0	frankly , i 'm still a bit shocked .
1	my favorite vietnamese restaurant .
1	this is absolutely my favorite chinese restaurant .
1	love all the sales here , too !
1	i definitely would and do recommend this to anyone interested in having an aquarium .
1	try it !
1	tofu and broccoli in black bean sauce is a personal favorite .
0	i really only had good things to say until i got the final bill .
0	there was no talking to the veterinarian .
1	was very good , the service was excellent .
0	ridiculous ... .
1	sides are pretty good too .
1	_num_ stars from me , highly recommended .
1	perfect for couples .
1	great sale prices , and fantastic style .
1	i had a huge tree in the front yard that needed to be removed .
0	the place was empty .
0	i 've made better wine .
1	i was pleasantly surprised that it is actually a pretty legit theme park .
1	the wine and hope shop is a great brew shop in madison .
1	great happy hours for food and drinks !
1	this is becoming one of my favorite fine dining restaurants .
0	i want to get it all -- cut , color , highlights .
0	after being repeat customers we had the worst experience with customer service .
0	people were getting refunds wait time was so long .
0	first of all , customer service is very tacky .
1	bring your credit card !
0	seriously .
1	well stocked and friendly staff .
1	i recommend the mild because the hot sauce flavor is kind of strange .
1	i enjoyed my appointment here and would definitely recommend this office .
1	our server was super nice .
1	such a good deal .
1	he really understands the facial muscles to get the ultimate results .
1	our waitress april was very nice and attentive for how busy it was .
0	my date did n't like her steak either .
0	i 've been here once before and the pedi was ok .
1	i was traveling and wanted something different and delicious .
1	good .
0	i will never step foot in that store again .
0	how much worse can you get ?
1	i had a wonderful stay this past week .
0	this is the worst walmart ever !
0	terrible service .
1	i was very happy and <unk> seems happy to .
0	i have been a gold choice member for many years .
0	he insisted , `` that 's how you get it to go . ''
1	they recently expanded and the place is beautiful !
1	coffee is strong .
0	they even tried to deny the cut .
1	but all ingredients were fresh and yummy .
0	today , sunday , they should be open _num_ to _num_ .
0	vets seemed young , inexperienced and at best unhelpful .
0	this was my first visit .
1	i love the shrimp tacos .
1	famous dave 's does have great bbq .
1	i have had great experiences and photos taken here .
0	i guess i will put in the towel and make this my last time .
1	this place is awesome !
1	great food .
1	if you 're in the 'burgh , definitely check it out !
0	really makes me not like freeway chevrolet .
0	i completely understand , as i had a very similar experience !
1	always very fresh and the owner is inviting and friendly .
1	every thing had great flavor .
1	it has ham in it that is so delicious !
0	i spent _num_ min waiting for my lunch .
0	to top it off they tried drowning it in sauce to cover it up .
0	i had a turkey cheese burger which was okay .
0	but the alternative is to risk watching someone leave a bag behind .
1	these guys are great !
0	no excuses for this today !
0	i 'm disappoint i even stopped here .
0	looks better than it tastes .
1	dining at the cozy capital grille on a sunny afternoon was just delightful .
1	when it comes to chinese takeout there is no better .
1	my personal favorite is the fish .
1	top notch inventory .
1	she 's the best !
0	my husband , son , and i went to have breakfast one saturday morning .
0	wow i was very taken .
0	i keep searching for something healthy on the menu but can not find it .
0	being stuck in terminal _num_ is an awful experience .
0	i 've caught this _num_ times and they have had to correct it .
1	he did a fantastic job .
1	great vintage bikes and very wide selection of stuff .
1	i love you , that 's a wrap !
1	we all know how hard it is to find an honest mechanic .
0	we walked out .
1	he knows his stuff , traditional bed side manner and humor .
0	food is just ok , grease upon grease .
1	just had my hair done love it !
1	each meal came with two sides and choice of bread .
0	this place is disgusting .
0	poor flavor and texture .
0	macayos is like chuck e. cheese without the games .
1	friendly staff , great customer service , and great prices !
1	love the atmosphere , and adore one of the owners , lisa .
0	i tried to speak to one that was not working and was completely ignored .
1	he 's awesome in every way .
1	overall a great experience here .
1	keep it up mr. k !
0	he probably would have ordered another round had he received it promptly .
1	i always wait for her and love the result .
0	_num_ for a used tire when you can buy a new one for _num_ ?
1	nice .
1	awesome show , great accommodations .
0	worst .
1	friendly staff .
1	they even have the best groomer in town !
1	this is such an awesome place to eat .
0	no stars !
0	once my go to lunch spot stinks for service .
0	so disappointed .
1	these guys are great .
1	this place delicious , went for breakfast while in madison .
0	gordon ramsey would have had a fit .
1	awesome fries very good place definitely coming back !
1	satisfying fresh drive thru food .
1	i will definitely be visiting again .
1	love the atmosphere and toy trains moving about above everyone 's head .
1	i love this wendy 's .
0	first installer was not very friendly .
1	my wife loved it .
1	jason was on time and did a great job .
1	our favorites are the wontons and sweet potato chips favorite margarita .
1	i will definitely return to this gem .
1	cool joint to study or listen to live music on a friday night .
1	i have used several different groomers in the shop and each has done well .
1	she was thorough and explained all the features of the car .
1	the thai tea is amazing !
1	i also like the bowling pro shop here .
1	excellent store .
1	great way to get the kids to eat lots of fresh vegetables .
0	ordered for my two children the gluten free pizza .
1	fast and best quality !
0	horrible service , we ended up having to go look for our check .
1	the food at this restaurant was good !
0	maybe he 's just having a bad day .
1	i 'd definitely come back !
0	food is mediocre and service is horrible .
1	workers are friendly .
0	he was yelling because people had the right of way ?
0	guess it 's going to snow in phoenix pretty soon .
1	when i called to make my first appt , the receptionist was very nice .
1	go for happy hour !
1	love , love , love this place ... .
1	great food , decent margaritas , reasonably priced , and delightful service .
0	i did not feel safe here .
1	it is awesome !
1	gives you a home feeling with the table settings !
1	the chips and salsa they brought out was amazing .
1	yummy and in a cold evening , a delicious warm meal .
1	yum , and got ta try their salads !
1	the food is consistently good , though some items are better than others .
1	all in all , i 've found the buses to be dependable and convenient .
0	she was generally friendly , though .
1	so worth the calories .
1	waitress was friendly and great service .
1	fair prices , good staff .
1	wonderful italian food .
0	stupid me for not checking them before paying and going home .
1	everything was fresh and served absolutely superb .
1	a first-rate experience all around .
1	absolutely amazing staff & so friendly !
0	went in tonight for the turkey dinner , and chicken fried steak .
0	however , do not give them your contact details .
1	such a fun experience and they really helped me pick out the perfect dress !
0	ambiance a big zero .
0	i will not shop there again .
1	i definitely recommend harris to anyone who is a y member !
1	everything is good .
1	streets of new york has really good food !
1	would definitely recommend this place !
0	worst motel i have ever stayed in and definitely way over priced .
0	there was nothing special about their sushi and the customer service was terrible .
0	`` just throwing it out there , '' he said .
0	i could n't wait to get out of there .
0	the baked potato was actually really good yet the salad bar was nothing special .
1	he <unk> with me the entire time and was professional .
1	their pre-made salads and sandwiches are creative and fresh too .
0	they always take _num_ mins longer than the time is quoted online .
1	i great little hidden away little diner .
0	any food would suffer from sitting for an hour .
1	this restaurant is fun .
0	the pricing does not meet up to the food quality .
1	i recommend him to all my friends and will always continue to !
1	the menu , the views and great service .
0	at first glance i could see that it was dry .
1	they have these tofu nuggets that are just delicious .
1	drinks and food were fantastic .
1	came to eat here with some friends who work an hour north of madison .
1	vehicles are clean , comfortable and stylish !
1	happy hunting !
1	we love the food .
0	they were absolutely horrible !
1	i had a very pleasant experience .
1	we ate here several times and everything was very good .
1	ever !
1	best chicken fries steak in the west !
1	our server even brought us soup before we ordered just as a welcome .
1	super excited to have found a jewish deli with all of my favorites !
1	very honest .
0	we waited for the server yet again after asking for drink menus .
0	i love dessert and i did n't even want to order it .
0	if i could , i would give cox com `` zero stars '' .
1	service was excellent .
0	i would go back for brunch anytime if the service was n't so horrible !
0	nope .
0	after i walk in , the bar area was filled , restaurant portion wasnt .
1	she is absolutely amazing !
1	we love both the lunch and dinner menu .
1	never experienced service this way .
0	i lost a days work for nothing .
1	the most amazing chocolate ever !
1	great food !
1	this was definitely a five star experience !
1	as always the service is always friendly !
0	it was n't just a little bit , it was still a lot .
0	the food was okay , nothing special .
1	the sandwiches are the best in charlotte .
1	very delicious !
0	disgusting atmosphere .
1	great staff and a must visit for local tourist .
0	clam chowder was the soup and salty was its name .
1	highly recommended .
0	i would give it zero stars if i could .
0	chicken cooked in burnt oil and taste horrible .
1	pho was very good .
0	they allowed my husband to leave .
1	delicious burgers and fresh toppings .
0	the bed smelled like my old roommate 's closet ... musty and dirty .
1	great , knowledgable staff ( for the most part ) .
1	the owners , pete and george , are amazing .
1	gluten free options !
1	love the basement bar .
0	open _num_ hours , ha !
1	will be back again !
1	the decor is mid upscale .
1	waiter and service were terrific .
1	my new neighborhood cleaners !
0	this is n't what i am use to with buffet asia .
0	no offer to grant this one time the lower price .
1	everything seemed really clean and well maintained .
0	service was so slow !
1	excellent food and service here , we love the food and the ambiance .
1	excellent !
1	the horchata was great - light on the sugar - with plenty of taste .
0	the service was n't good either .
0	well that 's just too bad !
0	the pizza is not bad , but not as good as i like .
1	the gentleman at the counter was friendly and helpful .
1	this place is great !
0	i have been to this car wash many times over the years .
0	the item was neither opened , used , nor damaged in any way .
1	they do a great burger and chips .
1	the best dive bar !
0	sometimes i have to repeat no , this store in particular .
0	we usually leave sakana so fat and happy that the poor quality was surprising .
1	gentle in her ways and a expert in her craft .
1	great people and staff and always a stiff drink .
1	she was great !
1	outdoors seating is nice in season .
0	the employees are so rude !
1	the food is fresh and the menu varied .
0	even new york pizza is n't considered true italian .
0	i wo n't be back .
0	they also would n't let me bring my water bottle in .
1	everything was absolutely amazing !
1	it 's relatively affordable for the quality .
1	the beef burrito 's really good too , though !
1	i will definitely be going back !
1	we love our new pool .
0	_num_ minute wait .
1	the food tastes very fresh .
1	i celebrated my birthday at cooperstown and had so much fun .
1	i always feel good and healthy when i leave there .
1	service is pretty good and they accommodate most requests .
0	oh and the sirloin on sunday ... did n't exist .
1	they were all fantastic - great texture , temperature , color , and flavor .
1	i can honestly say that they 're the best mechanic i 've ever had .
1	i will be ordering here again .
1	the wait for our food was a little long but enjoyed the experience nonetheless .
1	employees are very nice , they have a neighborhood feeling to it .
1	great atmosphere .
1	had _num_ oz rib eye cooked medium well .
1	never felt any pressure and had a great experience !
0	no discount .
0	disgusting .
0	i will not visit this restaurant anymore and can not recommend it .
1	would always recommend !
1	you pay him up front and he will have change readily available .
1	always a great place for breakfast .
1	they have an open mic night thursday nights and it rocks .
0	it was awful .
1	for one of the best views of the city , come up here .
1	i highly recommend rip city !
0	big mistake !
0	not fresh at all .
0	i did n't appreciate that horrible customer service .
1	got right down to her level and made us all at ease .
0	i knew az mills was ghetto ... .
1	wow !
0	the staff is plain rude here .
1	we will definitely be back !
0	i think i 'll find a place that 's a little more ... me .
0	it 's gets very , very stuffy in there .
0	called thursday and was assured i 'd get a call back after a meeting .
0	rude is what this place is .
1	the bar is wonderful .
1	the fried rice is the best .
0	the food was mediocre at best .
0	we tried calling twice and received no answer .
1	it was really refreshing to receive such great service and i would highly recommend .
1	i love everything about cabo , their food is beyond amazing .
1	the parking works .
0	salad was just salad , but their house homemade ranch dressing was amazing .
1	i 'd recommend them to a friend .
1	barbara is great for the small fix as well as the bigger projects .
0	they got my order wrong .
0	the planes are run down , the customer service people were rude and insulting .
1	excellent service !
1	seriously , give dr. keith a try you will love it .
0	the food is horrible !
0	no excuse for an overcooked steak ever , and all ordered medium rare .
0	i would highly recommend him .
0	ended up with _num_ meals un eaten .
0	it was gross and the experience was utter most the worst !
1	amazing place and good food .
0	do not eat here if you know what good food tastes like .
1	the best of the best for massage therapy .
0	the food is too expensive .
0	they did nothing for me as i laid in the hallway throwing up .
0	so disappointed .
1	great place for veggies !
1	im sold !
1	will go back !
0	model cleaners failed to deliver _num_ shirts and _num_ suits in june .
0	cox is terrible .
1	my family eats here after church most sundays & we love it !
0	unprofessional at best , dishonest at worst .
1	i love this place for breakfast though .
1	the service was great .
1	bamboo has the best orange chicken you can ever find .
1	the best facial ever !
1	really fast service with really cute car wash dudes .
1	this airport has really nice ppl working for them .
1	got a santa fe , nice car .
0	that was march _num_ .
0	so one afternoon , stopped by to eat a chicken teriyaki sandwich .
0	sadly , both experiences were less than stellar .
1	he has trained his staff to be amazing .
0	wow , what an absolute shame .
0	i was pretty disappointed by this experience .
1	love the burgers they have here !
0	they were unprofessional and did not know how the process works .
1	the fajitas were fantastic .
0	i asked for part of them exam to include a breast exam .
0	it is fine dining but its fare is nothing special .
1	love this place !
0	what a first impression when u leave the already pathetic airport .
0	the receptionists are usually not bright enough to actually schedule an appointment correctly .
1	giant beers and awesome food .
1	rebecca is an outstanding owner and artist .
1	ive tried lots of others but the broth here is the best !
0	poor quality of service and product .
0	no stars !
1	also the fact that they have online ordering now is a big plus .
1	so delicious !
1	the spicy noodle is the best !
0	nope , i wo n't be back .
1	i would recommend this place to anyone !
0	not a spot of pink to be found .
0	wo n't be back .
1	i got the spaghetti special with meatballs and it was excellent .
1	i was surprised to find something this good at the stratosphere .
0	they did n't bother to <unk> up the car seat to vacuum under it .
0	unfortunately , the customer service , myself and my group experienced was below par .
1	i enjoyed the onion rings and burgers .
1	very respectable , especially if you stick with the burgers .
0	the portions are mostly pasta , hardly any meat .
0	the hollandaise sauce had no flavor whatsoever .
1	we ate here over the weekend , our food was really good .
1	ask for long if you go - she is excellent .
1	absolutely wonderful resort ... the service at the residence club is outstanding .
1	would recommend to anyone .
1	great staff and really wonderful cookies .
0	i 've never experienced anything like it in my life .
1	it was absolutely .
0	no biggie .
0	that is something i would throw away and not serve to anyone .
0	$ _num_ to have a starter motor and fan put in .
1	clean up your bathrooms !
1	i told david to do what he wanted .
0	ok , i really wanted to give this place _num_ or _num_ stars .
0	they told me it would be about another _num_ to fix it again .
1	the service was impeccable .
0	never mess with this mama !
1	the level of professionalism at discount tire is extraordinary .
0	i needed a cut so i went for it anyway .
0	the quantity was disappointing .
1	ok , ordered it for delivery .
0	very dated decor is another negative .
0	nobody fucking cares !
1	service has always been good .
1	definitely a permanent customer .
1	after the ceremony , the photographer took the most amazing pictures !
0	wait staff used to be friendly and humble .
1	consistently good for _num_ plus years .
0	the orange chicken and honey chicken are the same thing and very very bland .
0	not a great breakfast place and their italian dinner items are bland .
0	they never paid me for the car ... .
0	b. you just told me there were no stairs to this exit .
1	original pancake house 's pancakes are great !
0	such a shame .
0	they do n't care .
0	when we complained to the hotel they only switched our room .
1	add a made from scratch strawberry lemonade and i can guarantee an outstanding meal !
1	best affordable brunch in town .
0	wo n't be returning .
0	but , if you enjoy sushi do n't waste your time .
1	the fitting room lady was super sweet , i wanted to take her home .
0	the beet salad was great , but the bread was hard as a rock .
1	their food is amazing .
1	the inside has booths , tables , and a full bar .
1	pesto + vinaigrette = heaven !
0	it started the moment we walked in the door .
1	great food and great choices .
0	last time there the silverware , glasses and tea cups were dirty .
0	she did n't bother to clear her tools after that .
1	also the woman that answers the phone is very polite and helpful .
1	love this place .
0	this is n't a one time thing .
0	and after two years of getting my shots i did not improve at all .
1	the food and pricing everyone knows at this point .
1	_num_ minutes in and out , but it is good .
1	best pizza 's in oakland !
1	service was outstanding .
1	glad they stayed consistent .
1	what a friendly and very patient staff thank you so much !
1	and it was good !
0	the menu was horrible .
0	had a really bad day thought , why not enjoy a good burger ?
1	i love this place !
1	soooo spicy my nose ran , i love it !
1	give it a try and fall in love with the spicy soups .
1	she was so awesome and sweet !
1	the western is awesome !
1	wow !
1	i have one the best haircuts ever !
0	we go weekly and have seen nothing new in two weeks .
1	bobby <unk> better deals than me .
1	best tacos in town !
0	called me a liar when i said the beer was stale .
1	they were a real life saver !
0	i would n't even have cooked this way for an enemy .
1	more than enough food for a fair price .
0	hell 's kitchen would n't stand for it .
1	they are absolutely the best for arizona couples looking to get married !
1	starting with the cocktails to the dessert , everything was right on !
1	love the rice !
1	mediterranean cafe is delicious , and it is cheap to boot !
1	both employees love dogs and are very friendly !
1	we will be back again and again !
1	my personal favorite is the salad , pizza , and wings !
0	some of the worst customer service of any public company .
1	my opinion the best pho in town .
1	they do a good job .
1	the employees are funny , sweet , helpful ... and so adorable !
0	she 's _num_ , and not that picky .
0	this airline is awful .
1	we will definitely return .
0	which was worse than talking to the drive thru representative .
1	great sandwiches , great bread , lost of possible combinations .
0	so slow !
0	the green beans were tough and too much pepper wow .
1	this is one of the best .
1	everything was wonderful , including the potato salad and mac and cheese .
1	amazing clean location .
0	i was excited they had gluten-free options but hoped for more than _num_ soup .
0	be that as it may , the food is lackluster at best .
0	i gave them one star because there is nothing lower .
1	good variety of sauces and the staff was friendly and responsive .
0	it just went downhill from there .
1	i actually ate the beans and rice that came with the meal .
1	had a mani and pedi here with my best friend .
1	carl did an incredible job on my wedding cake .
0	but my bad experience will help others not to choose this shop .
1	very interesting , i bought myself a golden elephant one time .
1	i like it !
1	i love it that way !
1	i 've also given birth here and everything was always great .
1	the service was wonderful and the food was even better .
1	they are highly recommended by our family !
0	i , for one , will be taking my patronage elsewhere .
1	he listens and works with you .
0	cashier apologized , asked me if i wanted sauce and offered free chocolate pastry .
0	the produce is particularly awful .
1	i was so happy to discover this place !
1	i thought that was pretty cool .
1	love it and will be back !
1	food is always amazing !
0	my mom and i were disrespected the minute we walked through the door !
0	not so cool .
0	rude !
1	i will definitely be returning !
0	the machines pay okay but there is not much of a resort .
1	the staff is knowledgeable and friendly .
0	nothing else looked edible .
1	this is what i like to see !
0	needless to say , i accepted .
0	it is ridiculous for such a big name as sam woo restaurant chain .
0	made no sense .
0	my phone is broken and ca n't turn on !
1	the veggies are just so fresh and the feta is so creamy !
1	i thoroughly enjoy their enchiladas and burritos .
1	tommy is great .
1	this is now our new favorite japanese restaurant .
1	maybe that is what makes this place unique .
1	casual and excellent food .
0	the chicken itself was very underwhelming .
0	i ordered a diet pepsi and received an extremely flat root beer instead .
0	i could have done better at home .
1	she always remembered details of my personal life and shared about hers too .
0	in _num_ degree weather .
0	when you put everything together it tasted alright but it was just dry chicken .
0	ah , well .
0	instead , we have to wait _num_ hours .
0	they pointed in a general direction and just kind of walked off .
1	good service , clean , and worth to try again !
1	they were very professional .
0	stay away from western commercial !
1	i repeat phenomenal !
1	plant world is huge !
0	i would not recommend this company .
1	hand down !
0	they too seemed surprised by cactus flower 's attitude .
1	this is one of the best izakaya .
1	all creatures gets my vote !
0	plus the customer service at volcano is going downhill .
1	if you park in back make sure you 're good with using your mirrors .
0	i hate nothing more than seeing adults that cant say sorry .
0	`` that will be $ _num_ , '' she says .
0	_num_ $ a load ?
1	always a great place with great food .
0	that he had been there _num_ months and never had a complaint ?
1	it was fast , friendly service .
1	love their ribs .
0	which in itself can be a nightmare .
1	good variety of coffees and snacks .
0	every plate was drowning in marinara sauce .
0	this office is awful .
0	when i opened it up , i was disappointed with everything .
0	the restaurant was small and there were plenty of tables available .
0	i walked into the store looking for yellow flowers .
1	the best pork & broccoli in town .
1	amazing free botanical garden , the only thai <unk> in north america .
0	in my _num_ <unk> code , this was the highest rated burger king .
1	love them !
0	i have never met someone more disrespectful .
0	she spent _num_ minutes arguing with me that i ordered something i did n't .
1	the staff is friendly and knowledgable .
1	very welcoming !
1	thank u !
1	the quinoa was great , though .
0	ugh , this store is ghetto !
1	in a world of starbucks , this is a rare gem .
0	my daughter and i ate weiss deli last month .
1	he is so attentive , super nice and friendly .
1	beats any other bagel joint in the city .
0	cheese smelled really rotten .
0	well , that 's not entirely true .
0	i was told that i should sit down and they would call me shortly .
1	not only is their beer great , but the burgers are awesome as well .
1	service was fast , food was great and large portions for the price .
1	thank you auto zone !
0	rock bottom is just not the place to spend money on food .
1	highly recommend the fish specials and the crawfish scampi .
1	best place for a late dinner .
0	these people are the worst .
0	this place is just blah .
0	pricey , ambiance was very nice but just not my cup of tea .
1	thanks for being patient with the color selections .
0	it was just so ridiculous .
1	i love that it 's smaller and thus , everything is easier to find .
1	thank you .
1	the pastry 's are very tasty and never stale .
1	service is very friendly which suits the atmosphere .
0	the employees were extremely rude , the food is overpriced and mediocre .
1	surprisingly good cupcakes !
1	my favorite item is a beef burro enchilada style with a side of beans .
1	this place is awesome !
1	i absolutely love this place .
1	fun place .
1	highly recommend - this group is wonderful .
1	dave and his team are the best !
0	service was terrible .
0	the server did n't really check if we needed anything .
0	service is poor and food quality is bad .
1	we felt welcomed and comfortable .
0	he did n't mention anything , no apologies ... <unk> .
0	the watch stopped working , no matter what i do , it 's useless .
0	both times i walked out disappointed .
1	love this place .
1	great vegetarian options with a very friendly and attentive wait staff .
1	everyone is always helpful and ready to give suggestions with products .
0	i spent days on the toilet after eating the pizza .
1	very high quality cooking .
0	the carpets are worn to the floor .
0	no explanation , no courtesy , just no .
1	but the food is good .
0	not user friendly and kind of a scam .
0	is is awful customer service , and the people do not wear gloves .
0	very insulting .
1	excellent service , good communication and does not `` push '' additional services .
0	i just want a glass of wine and some food .
1	the food is made to order and their fries are the best .
0	the only saving grace was the tom yum soup and combination fried rice .
0	very poor service !
1	they have a beautiful selection and are very knowledgeable and helpful .
1	food is plenty and tasted great .
1	the food is excellent and very reasonably priced .
1	i would very highly recommend their office .
0	left and halfway home , `` check engine '' light came back on .
0	again we ca n't get in at the same time , no big deal .
0	next time , will it be marriott 's or motel _num_ ?
1	a restaurant will always win my heart if they carry a veggie burger option .
1	what else is good or even delicious ?
0	mom in law got _num_ biscuits & gravy w/ sausage and egg .
1	every experience in this shop is fantastic !
0	so frustrating .
1	i would recommend making reservations .
1	this place was great !
1	great service .
0	it was horrible .
0	he returns with place settings .
0	he was _num_ min .
1	habib was super friendly and efficient with his tailor job .
0	barnes and noble sent nothing .
0	i walked in and looked at the cases .
0	your food is bland and nasty .
1	i will definitely go back to abuelos !
1	food is great and changes seasonally .
0	and the food is not good at all .
1	great selections of products .
0	my order was $ _num_ for two items and a soda .
0	this was my 3rd time trying to win any money at this place .
1	excellent artichoke pasta salad and green lentil soup , service is always great !
0	also , the service dept is a joke .
1	large , clean , well stocked thrift store with great selection .
0	money and time wasted .
1	truly authentic italian food .
1	love this place !
1	always a long line ( i posted a picture ) - and friendly service .
1	keep up the good work guys .
0	he said that this hotel has been the worst in terms of service .
1	an absolute treasure in downtown champaign .
1	thank you <unk> air !
1	best mexican food we 've found so far .
1	highly recommend for special event dinners , expensive .
0	i would never try this place .
1	i was amazed that he remembered my name yesterday !
1	online check-in gets you in quicker .
0	( there was one on call ) i waited _num_ min nobody called me .
0	awful , the guy and the chick here had major attitude .
1	she made this process super easy .
1	i 'm not a chain fan , but this place is very good .
1	i was pleased with the service and would recommend to my friends .
1	also , awesome customer service .
1	the coffee is awesome !
0	trust me if anyone knows mexican food its me .
0	the chicken wings were delivered nice and hot , crispy but lacking in flavor .
0	the pizza was not what we ordered .
0	beware of this robertos : no hand washing , no gloves .
0	i really hate stores , especially that serve food , that are filthy .
1	good food at a very reasonable price as well !
0	i spent $ _num_ for only one edible thing worth $ _num_ .
1	it was an amazing experience and would recommended it to everyone !
0	the girl we were dealing with was so rude and nasty also .
0	i spend a ridiculous amount of money on food .
0	i 'd hate to waste a star on this place !
0	also , waste of groupon money !
0	the cheap $ _num_ prime rib dinners downtown are better .
1	everyone is so friendly and helpful .
0	i have never experienced worse treatment as a tenant .
1	the staff here is wonderful .
1	the bagels are delicious .
1	i believe the price quality were reasonable and everyone was very friendly .
1	prices are decent and the staff was friendly .
0	apparently , it 's salt .
0	but the train noise is just unbearable .
1	thank you adam for a fantastic weekend !
1	excellent clean install .
1	very friendly and fast service as well .
1	good fun , good food !
1	such great service & reasonably priced .
0	even the caesar salad was disappointing .
0	i still do n't know why we were n't given fries .
0	how does this place still exist of every place on the waterfront !
0	this was one of the worst medical care experiences i 've ever had .
1	this is our regular breakfast spot , food and service are good and consistent .
1	the food is well cooked , my wife loves this place .
1	love this place !
1	kinda pricey but its really really good .
1	our server , ed , was very attentive .
1	i 've always enjoyed the food here .
1	entire store is always well organized and clean !
0	they treated me horribly .
1	staff understand exceedingly customer expectations .
0	as for the main dishes , they lack taste .
0	by the time he finally took my order , she had already paid .
1	i feel very happy and thankful for this place !
1	thank you so much .
0	the ordering setup for this place is extremely awkward .
1	and i love him !
1	for a great price .
1	both were delivered and both were very hot and delicious .
0	normally , it 's a _num_ or _num_ star place .
0	really bad .
1	my go to cool off spot in lv .
1	best mexican in casa grande .
1	surprisingly clean .
1	do yourself a favor go to happy hour and get the dessert role .
1	excellent service .
1	my mother has been coming even longer she does great quality work with nails .
0	save your time and money and try another location .
1	we got the house mango and it was well worth the $ _num_ .
0	two of my favorites , and they were not available .
1	the nail tech noon is absolutely amazing !
1	what a great organization .
0	she became annoyed and kept doing what she was doing .
1	ca n't wait for a sunny day to enjoy the patio !
0	it was really a bowl of chunky tomatoes seasoned with peppers and oregano .
1	the rest of their ingredients always looks fresh as well .
1	the sauces were very good .
1	the food was very good .
1	good food .
0	not sure if i 'll try again .
1	great food had a assortment .
1	it was also delicious .
1	delicious .
1	he ordered the patty melt which was pretty good .
0	disappointed that bojangles has gone so downhill .
1	thank you brad !
1	perfect spot for a romantic night .
1	dogs always look great and seem to enjoy the cuts .
0	i have gone to women 's specialty care under dr. kelly for two years .
0	they forget stuff all the time .
1	definitely recommend !
1	their facility is amazing .
1	mi patio is good .
1	everything we have eaten has been delicious .
0	i saw many glowing reviews on yelp & was looking forward to this meal .
0	greasy prints , dirty , this place has really gone down hill .
1	it 's a small restaurant but definitely worth it !
1	the coffee is excellent , much better than the * $ folks .
1	clean and friendly staff ... and the place is clean too !
1	outstanding food , outstanding service , great atmosphere .
1	went above and beyond my expectations .
1	the thai dynamite is always good .
0	club number one was a dead casino lounge , not even a club .
1	they have an amazing iced coffee drink that 's a must try !
0	the biscuit like my wife 's was pretty dense .
1	love this place .
0	it was just awful !
1	what a great restaurant !
1	next best thing to a neighborhood bakery .
1	keep up the good work guys !
0	carne asada was more like hamburger crumbs .
1	love love love ian 's pizza .
0	never consider moving here .
0	i really liked this place and am disappointed in the changes .
1	one of the best pizza places in the valley .
0	what is up with all the terrible ethnic food on state street ?
1	great manager and staff at this location !
1	the staff was really great and accommodating .
0	we spent way too much i .
0	way over priced for such a dump with nasty food .
1	superior service , no complaints about being there late and extremely accommodating .
0	i do n't even know how they stay open .
1	he is the best by far !
1	food was great and the location was perfect in dilworth uptown .
1	thanks again !
1	the food is okay .
1	a 5-star burger !
0	why _num_ star ?
0	you do n't want my business , i 'll take my money else where .
1	loved it .
1	good food .
1	the furniture arrived timely and was in good condition .
1	it was really delicious .
1	the wings are incredible .
1	i love this place !
0	worst eyebrow waxing !
0	clearly , she went in the back and put a hole in it herself .
0	did not live up to the hype .
0	i asked for my dog back and he refused to give him to me .
1	everyone was very friendly .
0	it is a friday night at _num_ o'clock and this restaurant is empty .
1	dr. cat was amazing .
0	all i can say is bland bland bland .
1	i had a great barber that ended up moving to california .
0	after the sitting and review of the pictures came the sticker shock .
1	this has to be one of the best starbucks in the area .
1	it turned out great .
0	holy mother of chicken , christmas and rice .
0	some equipment just goes missing , too .
0	then the spaghetti tasted like it was microwaved .
1	i would love it if they added some food , esp .
1	it has a creepy charm to it , i love that about this location !
0	he did n't bring us syrup for our pancakes until much later .
0	the staff is friendly but very loud - particularly one waitress .
1	his sense of humor is quite entertaining once you become a regular .
1	i 'll be a regular here !
0	first it was sunday at 7:30 and the restaurant had 15-20 people .
1	it 's the biggest fan i have ever seen .
0	the regional director even sent me an email .
1	this place is amazing .
0	i ... do n't get it .
0	was told 15-20 minutes to wait for a prescription .
0	do i not deserve to be sold a refrigerator or what ?
1	what a cool store !
1	i make it here once a month .
1	they are awesome !
1	simple ingredients , but packed with flavor .
1	i also got a mini and it was plenty of food for me .
1	love the deli here .
0	i stopped in to have a new deck put into my wife 's car .
1	servers laughing and smiling .
1	good breakfast place after a party at a college town !
1	i will definitely be back !
1	keep us the great work !
1	soft bread , fresh fillings .
1	i got vegan pho and it was the best i 've ever had .
1	i love spice and this place sure delivered .
0	it 's just that it can be so much better .
0	not a professional business at all .
1	great location with easy access .
1	the mall is very nice as well !
1	a bit pricy , ... worth it !
1	will be coming back again and again !
1	well done !
0	the service was not good .
1	i love this place !
1	great service thank you kelly .
1	so good !
0	avoid this terrible hertz .
1	and i love this place .
1	one of the best breakfast places in charlotte .
0	this car was not safe , but were _num_ hours from charlotte by now .
1	definitely will be back !
0	that could n't be farther from the truth .
1	decent coffee , great location .
0	it 's too bad .
0	the stupid things we do for those that we love .
1	the heirloom tomato salad may be the best thing i 've ever eaten .
1	the owners of this establishment are incredibly humble .
1	my soy mocha was outstanding !
0	not anymore .
1	we also found dream customer service .
1	great customer service .
1	always yummy !
0	followed with an arrogant face !
1	the breakfast there is really good too plus it 's free .
0	the worst quality mcdonald i have been to .
1	<unk> kitchen has the best chinese food in lv .
1	greasy tasty new york style pizza .
1	great selection .
0	i had a horrible experience here .
1	a good spot to come if you are at the fashion square .
0	appreciated all _num_ plus people that came in .
0	are you kidding me ?
1	this place as absolutely outstanding .
0	never once have i even received a sorry .
1	this place used to be great , and now they are back .
1	it 's beyond delicious !
1	wow , i could have eaten a few more of those !
0	after _num_ minutes of nothing , i went to ask how much longer .
1	the service was great .
0	just a horrible place and i will not go back .
1	you rock find and friends !
0	i went back to this hospital and it is very unorganized .
1	it was a very good experience .
1	i loved it as a kid , now my kids love it too .
1	food was delicious and house margaritas were even better !
0	conclusion , go to zen _num_ for the ambiance .
0	there is no such law .
0	$ _num_ down .
1	this place is simply amazing !
1	great wine selection ... .
0	not even a `` excuse me for a minute '' .
1	i had # _num_ pho , really enjoyed it .
1	the baggage claim is easy to find and get your luggage from .
0	also , they 're constantly messing up my order .
1	truly outstanding !
0	there was two different color credit cards , not sure how this even happened .
0	they are not gods .
1	they have great coconut oil for hair and skin .
1	one of the best donuts i have ever had .
1	the food is really delicious .
1	this is by far my favorite check city .
0	skip this one , dont think they know what restaurant service is .
1	his fade was really neat and even .
1	service is very good and the food is excellent .
0	it was annoying fighting the crowds to look at the certain cars .
1	come and enjoy all that greenbush has to offer .
1	a really fun , really neat bar with a great vibe .
1	i love soul food restaurants and this one is definitely a fave .
1	it 's always a good choice .
0	they did not call the telephone number to let me know if the delay .
0	my husband said , why did you do that ?
0	none of the dryers are ever fixed .
0	then came the entrees , which were less impressive .
0	they were not busy , _num_ tables in the whole place .
0	the `` chicken '' is dark , fatty , and inedible .
0	it 's been over a week and they still have not found my comforter .
1	the new location is amazing and very casual .
0	i just do n't understand how anyone can like this place .
1	my husband is a picky eater and said he was also impressed .
1	<unk> is the best !
1	juan 's has the best bean burritos !
1	value village is what it is .
1	always refreshing on the hot summer days in las vegas .
0	he needs to manage his building instead of standing around .
0	we will not be staying there again .
1	we stopped for our first meal in phoenix and loved it .
1	friendly employees and people .
1	tasty options when you 're not in the mood for fries .
0	this is my second time renting from hertz .
1	food is great and the price is great as well .
0	a short blonde with big <unk> messed up my boyfriends hair so bad .
0	now , i understand mexican food is not vegetarian friendly .
1	he is proficient and keeps the bar clean at all times .
0	most likely will not be back .
1	it 's always been good and reasonably priced .
1	impressive setting and location , and the servers were both polite and professional .
0	i 'm weird like that .
0	they did not get all the old fluid out .
0	had to watch my step or else i would 've stepped on someone .
0	disgusting !
0	either way , bad business model .
0	the food was nothing special .
0	no prices are on menu for drinks except for beers .
1	the food is awesome .
0	nothing that we ordered particularly stood out to us .
0	these were also very mediocre .
0	not worth eating out .
0	i went here for a simple oil change , and it was a disaster .
0	save yourself and do n't go there , it will ruin your night .
1	crusts with different flavors a nice touch .
0	i have never been treated so rude .
1	i recommend this to everyone .
1	this is hidden and so good .
1	taste was very fresh and filling .
1	they have great practice facilities and a wonderful staff to make your experience enjoyable .
1	ps , split a pizza and salad and you will be happy .
1	good prices , and a fast drive thru too .
1	the hours are great too .
0	i still cant believe that this place is so busy .
0	the veggie burger was `` ok '' but the potato salad was pretty bad .
0	at no point did i feel valued as a customer .
1	very , very expensive but worth it .
0	i am never going to this one again .
1	it was my first time eating here and hostess was nice and cheerful .
1	these guys are the best !
1	the service was impeccable , as was the entire restaurant .
1	thank you don for all you 're help !
1	just got a basic couples massage and loved it .
0	sad thing is how many other people got food poisoning that night .
0	not much flavor , and not a high quality meat .
1	love it !
1	i had the crab cake croissant which was delicious .
1	i visited here this morning for my birthday and was very impressed !
0	the egg rolls were thin and barely had any meat .
1	this has got to be the best thai food in the valley !
1	the mini tacos are also very good .
0	just is n't the same , maybe they sold ?
0	this last time i was there was a total disappointment .
0	she seemed unorganized and i am not planning on going back to the office .
1	damn good food .
1	i was so impressed with their results .
1	just a great doctor .
1	she is extremely talented and professional .
0	this was truly the worst dining experience i have ever had .
1	ribeye steak was phenomenal .
0	at times it was like a window being slammed shut over and over again .
1	i love it .
0	way too expensive .
1	i will go back !
1	pair a dice tattoos , is a great place .
1	we had an amazing experience top to bottom .
0	i have never had worse service in my life .
1	the ravioli appetizer just melted in your mouth .
1	work was well scheduled and all the workers were professional and knowledgeable .
1	excellent work , done on time and it just plain works !
0	so here is why chipotle gets two stars .
1	it 's totally divine .
1	this place has awesome hot dogs !
1	the staff is incredibly friendly , and the atmosphere is impressive .
1	all were very good .
1	the place is a nice little meeting spot .
0	i left a message with my phone number , repeated the phone number .
0	still no lemon wedges .
1	brenda is awesome !
0	carmax is a store , this is a dealership .
1	clean , precision service and the sweet & sour pork was very good .
0	lame .
0	to wait too long .
0	the bartender is a very nasty person , the guy is a real jerk .
1	it was the perfect temperature and the spinach was perfect .
1	but oh well !
0	do n't wash your car here .
0	she did n't think it would be a problem ... wrong answer !
0	i did n't finish it nor did i want to .
0	that being said , i do n't think we 'll ever return .
0	extremely rude and grumpy service with long waits for refills and orders .
0	the experience was disappointing .
1	the amazing grace roll is one of my favorites .
1	the pistachio desert we had was incredible .
0	the lady did n't say a single word to me the entire time .
1	patient team & timely turnaround .
1	a recommendation from a biz owner i trust .
1	food was really good , drinks were absolutely perfect .
1	wonderful service and we always feel welcome .
1	( a tremendous improvement over the salon i went to several years ago ! )
1	the guy who did it did an amazing job !
1	red salsa from there bar is perfect on it .
1	it was perfect .
1	outside patio is very cute .
0	bad : everything else .
0	they are functional , but this is so disappointing .
1	great food .
1	i tried the turkey avocado for a change and it was fantastic as well .
1	i would recommend this place for great mexican food .
0	do n't go to this location unless you hate yourself .
0	on top of the subpar food , the service is slow .
1	dessert is even more amazing .
1	amazing recipes !
0	i am not a patient , my husband is .
1	onion rings were actually really good .
1	they are all very nice .
1	great food , good prices and excellent service !
0	not impressed .
1	i also like the traditional bar feeling .
1	the beer is good .
0	man was i wrong !
0	they were busy but not crazy like i remember the charleston location being .
0	there were _num_ tables in the place .
1	i got a massage and facial ; she got a mani/pedi .
1	ribs and hot links are well worth the trip from the east coast .
0	the building itself is disgusting and filthy .
1	great place .
1	definitely recommended .
1	yelp brought us here , and it is as good as it gets !
0	never once was i politely asked how they could help me .
1	the fried pickle appetizer is amazing !
0	we were rushed to pack up and get out .
0	wo n't be returning for mother 's day next year .
1	the office staff are also very helpful and friendly .
1	now thats awesome !
1	the place is nice and always busy ... .
0	when i got there my food had n't even been started yet .
1	will certainly put joyful on my list of regular places to eat .
1	our finished kitchen is beautiful !
0	i drove up the street to albertsons right after and purchased the same groceries .
1	the cashier was also very friendly and upbeat .
0	not only that , but there was hardly any vegetables or chicken in it .
1	their flowers and designs are fantastic !
0	nothing wrong with the glass or electronics .
0	pickup from hotel to get back to airport is lame .
0	now , my husband and i have very different taste buds .
1	okay wow , this place is just great .
1	i was very satisfied with the pictures of my son and daughter .
0	still , i gave it a try .
0	but stay away from this company .
0	_num_ years of theft is long enough !
1	delicious food and a very friendly and helpful staff .
1	this is my favorite place to go for breakfast .
1	definitely use these guys !
0	the kung pao chicken was a huge disappointment in that it was mostly celery .
1	my hair stylist linda did an amazing job !
0	worst experience ever !
0	unfortunately , my company makes me use hertz for business travel .
0	i will not be returning to this establishment .
1	the decor is pretty interesting .
1	definitely will be coming back and recommending to everyone in the valley !
1	i love this part of gilbert !
0	thankfully we got transferred to a single room so i can stay night .
1	amazing every time .
0	just do n't expect a relaxed and thorough exam .
1	we were happy with the customer service and they actually smoked !
1	they do an awesome job .
1	lots of plants to learn about and gain a new appreciation for the desert .
1	happy i can even ride my bike there if i 'm feeling really energetic !
1	they found exactly what i needed and the quality was very good !
0	dang , i really wanted to like st. street brats .
1	clean bed , nice staff , welcoming environment .
0	we spent over $ _num_ and very dissapointed !
0	sub par at best , go to any of the other big burrito restaurants .
1	clean too !
0	would not recommend this place at all .
0	ordered three meals ... they all came out wrong .
1	the staff were all very friendly !
