1	the staff is always really friendly and willing to help .
1	the food is delicious and inexpensive .
0	it also does not have any particular flavor .
1	great job !
1	what a wonderful little pizza shop .
1	great service and awesome pho ' .
1	i highly recommend this company and the driver joe to future customers !
0	long story short by almost 2:30 a shuttle comes to get us .
0	disgusting .
1	everything is good .
1	go here with an appetite !
0	avoid yellow cab like the plague .
1	the service was great and they were very polite .
1	and the hotel rooms are nice .
0	do n't move in !
1	but he absolutely saved my cat 's life .
0	do not ever give this company your email .
0	nothing was stellar .
1	the service was really good and so was the pizza .
1	the food was pretty good .
1	the sauce is a little sweet and is great .
1	my husband loves it too .
1	the atmosphere is very warm and friendly and often with live music .
0	i 've been there many times , and this is the case every .
0	yet the same woman was there trying to convince me that it was fine .
1	very good flavor .
0	it was not worth the drive .
0	probably about _num_ minutes to get the food .
1	the best donuts i 've ever eaten , ever .
1	awesome food .
0	bottom line is poor excuses for terrible work .
1	however the employees here are extremely sweet especially holly !
1	and they actually run a cat rescue out of the front of the office .
1	excellent and large selection of quality books .
0	there are much better pizza joints around .
1	i am a fan !
0	what a waste of time !
0	so , it 's a really racist place that i do not recommend .
1	but it has the <unk> look to it .
0	the hollandaise was tasteless and coffee tasted like dirt .
1	everyone went way out of their way to make it a perfect day .
0	it was totally disgusting and they took forever .
1	it 's very authentic , and the family owners are great !
1	i love this store .
0	stylist have no idea what there doing or talking about .
0	dont waste your time with this place .
0	worst burger of my life .
1	lots of good people !
1	top notch company .
1	the service is really friendly here .
0	the petit filet mignon and the ny strip was pretty bland , lacking flavor .
1	the sushi is consistent and excellent .
1	he is so kind and gentle with my dog .
1	they will fry fish as well .
1	they have great customer service and friendly staff .
1	good food !
1	so happy i ended up here !
0	rice was a tad dry .
1	strongly recommend .
0	could n't figure out who to get the keys from afterwards .
0	i wo n't be going back , just because my personal taste .
0	there was absolutely nothing wrong with my car and the way it was driving .
0	over the years i have had only one poor experience .
1	take that chipotle !
0	i am allergic to diet soda .
1	they have the best colors , city , history , most fans , etc .
0	the school requests for feedback but does not take any action whatsoever .
1	he was comprehensive and nice .
1	_num_ people were all very happy .
0	the reservation was for _num_ and _num_ of us got there first .
0	not too thrilled with the value of a groupon from sports pub .
1	it 's always been quick and easy .
1	both were very very fresh and really hit the spot for starters .
1	the food has been excellent every time we have visited .
0	the girl put me on hold for _num_ minutes and forgot about me .
1	i 'm defiantly a fan .
0	why did it take _num_ minutes for our food to get there ?
1	some of the best desserts and pastries here .
0	the worst nail place ever .
1	delicious !
0	the food is lousy .
1	we really recommend this place .
0	very slow with the check .
1	nice common room with breakfast .
1	and oddly enough , the chicken wings are the best in town .
0	i have not ate here since they took out the grilled stuffed nacho .
1	i love their bagels and cream cheese and their bagel sandwiches .
0	this was because the layers , esp .
0	there was no bell to ring and i 've yelled out twice .
0	i do n't remember our waitresses name .
0	the service was horrible .
1	i love this place .
1	highly recommended .
0	however , i will never step foot in there or any postino property again .
1	fair prices and fast service .
0	also , the barber is really slow .
0	the food was just ok , but we were n't expecting much .
1	$ _num_ for a calzone and a drink is a great price too .
0	my husband ordered a burger which was $ _num_ and subpar .
0	first , and last visit unfortunately .
0	the meat was n't very well marinated .
1	the machaca meat is so flavorful .
0	when we arrived to the room , there was a significant chemical smell .
1	all in all a very nice track to play .
1	wow !
0	used to be my favorite , but not anymore .
0	i ordered lobster pizza and lobster bisque .
1	italian wines , friendly faces ( customers and waitstaff ) and phenomenal food !
1	very friendly and knowledgeable staff .
1	at the shop i met rex , whom he was very kind and friendly .
1	by far the best around !
0	if i could give no stars i would .
1	i recently had a facial with kayla plain and she was amazing !
1	the naan , chicken and vegetables are delicious !
0	if you want a terrible dining experience go here .
0	she was told that all _num_ tires needed to be replaced .
0	yea , they told me my fuel filter needs to get changed .
0	rates as one star , terrible customer service via communication with office and dispatch .
1	so good !
1	food and ambiance is amazing .
0	everything was cold and awful .
0	have not been to this location in awhile .
0	very strange and inappropriate comments coming out of one worker in particular .
1	such a wonderful restaurant , classy .
0	however , holly never called nor showed up .
1	let me tell you about my happy place .
0	i repeated my order twice and she still got it wrong .
0	numerous times my bins have not been picked up !
1	service was excellent the food was good but a bit pricey .
1	love this place !
0	my pizza was not even warm .
0	was facing back surgery and trying to find a surgeon .
0	i was at the cashier desk to pay my bill .
1	i just have to share how amazing lauren is !
0	her sister confirmed seeing this behavior and thought it was very creepy , too .
0	personally , i have n't gone back cuz of the amount of <unk> experienced .
0	the final kicker ; they add a mandatory _num_ % tip .
1	i highly recommend this place and will definitely be returning !
1	great customer service !
1	good beer selection , friendly service , decent bar food .
1	i love this place .
1	good selection of shoes for the working man .
1	this is my favorite place for sushi in the phoenix valley .
0	certainly never will get my business being this disrespectful to customers & questionable honesty .
1	great service !
0	this is simply a customer service review .
1	i always feel welcome and comfortable in his office .
1	soup so good make you wan na go back to sleep .
1	the service is wonderful !
0	went for sunday brunch and was very disappointed .
1	the staff is friendly and helpful .
1	god bless and best of luck in future .
0	they say he fell and hit his head on the corner of a table .
0	maybe a quality control problem ?
1	fresh .
1	bo , the bartender , is great .
0	what a sorry excuse for a `` healthcare professional '' !
0	a milkshake is $ _num_ !
0	stating did he tell me that he would take care of my order ?
0	my caesar salad was sour and otherwise bland .
1	food was very good as well .
1	very friendly staff that are always helpful .
0	my husbands food was ok as well .
1	absolutely delicious .
0	he acted rushed , impatient and rude .
1	the food was outstanding !
1	awesome !
0	but they made the sandwich wrong .
0	let it be know i 'm not taking this review out on her .
1	love my new haircut .
1	amber is a great stylist .
0	i would not recommend this cleaner .
1	everyone is friendly and the service is very good .
1	workers very nice and helpful .
1	service again was fine , not great but not horrible .
0	if i could give it a _num_ i would .
1	very nice desk staff and great maids .
0	my strawberry shake is very on point though .
1	the cheddar was so good on this .
0	i have no idea what the heck they did to bend my key !
0	do not go when the blonde female day instructor is the one checking .
0	ac does n't work well and the door handles are terrible .
0	they even had to put it back together to fit the kit !
1	food is good if the right person is working .
0	very slow service here ?
1	i felt special .
0	do n't be fooled .
0	we should 've just gone there to begin with .
0	thursdays in particular seem to be the worst .
1	we would highly recommend royal covers to bring you some shade in sunny arizona !
1	the place is great !
0	... no dice .
1	best sausage ... mmmm !
0	i finally convinced the waiter of my order which was to be chicken quesadilla .
1	i will be back very soon !
0	their eggs are rarely cooked as requested by the customer .
1	adopted many animals over the years from this place .
1	i really enjoy it here .
1	mark the owner is very straight forward , honest and easy to work with .
1	and you know christmas is right around the corner .
0	we gave a written notice to the leasing manager and a doctors letter .
1	i 've been coming here for _num_ years and always had a good experience .
1	they were also incredibly friendly and a pleasure to do business with .
1	great customer service .
0	tastes like freezer burn .
0	very slow service , over _num_ minutes to check out .
1	best burgers in arizona !
1	this is the place for real people .
0	i guess i should have called someone else .
1	everything is worth a look inside of this theater .
1	the ambience is just perfect for a wedding .
1	the energy of the place and food is absolutely incredible .
0	the manager has an apparent sour attitude .
0	it 's been nearly _num_ weeks and i still ca n't get any answers .
1	the price are well priced .
1	but i thought it was very good !
1	love this place !
1	very good !
0	a rude customer service agent answer the phone .
0	bought a very expensive mattress and it has been horrible since the first week .
0	but i wo n't be back .
1	the tempura shrimp is the best ... .
0	_num_ weeks ago i was in tucson and got a way nicer blizzard !
1	its pretty cool - though tough on cameras !
0	this was the worst sausage i have ever had in my life !
1	i will definitely use them again .
0	i could have stayed in sheraton at the price we paid to stay here .
1	the portions are great , and even an arugula salad was elevated and tasty .
1	i love the common market .
1	he had pancakes , which he loved .
1	we asked to move and she just moved the table .
0	could n't even drink it .
0	nothing is new here about my bad experience .
1	the chips and salsa with bean dip were excellent !
1	the food and service was <unk> good !
0	the worst !
0	for the prices they charge , you have a right to expect better food .
1	great location , friendly staff , knowledgeable .
0	the service is horrible , they 're rude and condescending .
1	fingers crossed .
0	was expecting a hilton quality hotel and this was not quite there .
1	this is the best spot in downtown champaign overall .
1	this is a wonderful , inviting store with a warm and knowledgeable staff .
1	really great service .
1	great late night happy hour !
1	the staff are always interesting to talk to and they have great customer services .
1	beautiful collection of native american artifacts .
1	or ... you can go for lunch and order a tasty sandwich and side .
0	i was incredibly unhappy with this experience .
1	jenny `` o '' was incredibly helpful today .
1	i was good to go in less than an hour .
0	very dissatisfied and shame on me for coming here !
1	the restaurant and downstairs bar are very cool and the food is great .
0	the wait 's long and it 's super crowded .
1	will easily last for more than _num_ meal .
1	ah , madison !
1	still the same great quality .
0	not a good comment from an employee to a customer .
0	but wait , it gets worse !
1	she is the best .
0	it took me _num_ calls to get a hold of him .
1	great food , great service , great atmosphere .
1	every person i spoke with was extremely pleasant and knowledgable .
1	the coffee is top notch .
0	they send past due bills to collections without sending you a bill first .
0	terrible customer service .
1	great little sandwich shop with good food and great prices .
1	they are absolutely perfect !
0	overall , i was not impressed and regret going .
1	great flavor , great spice .
1	this place is a hidden gem .
1	the service is fine !
1	great bar place to hang out at .
1	wow !
0	one of those between _num_ am and _num_ pm windows .
1	that equals house of pleasure .
0	tried the vermicelli ( bun ) here and it was terrible .
1	great bbq , great people and great prices .
1	dropped on here for dinner the other night with one of my friends .
1	thank you again !
0	i could n't possibly stop them all .
1	sooo good !
1	costco is pretty much the same where ever you go in the valley .
1	great homemade lunches .
1	i think the beds were the most amazing thing , tho !
1	great experience .
0	the milk pitcher was never once refilled .
1	overall great experience !
1	i come every week to this location , love the food , always satisfied .
1	friendly .
0	it was strange , and it left me feeling uncomfortable .
0	it has low prices and pretty much everything you need .
0	but clearly did n't care .
1	love this store .
1	i come here atleast twice a month .
1	the odds were ever in our favor .
0	no chicken first time and long line of people waiting .
1	great price specials for lunch and dinner .
1	the shrimp tacos was great and the salsa is great !
1	fresh food .
1	service on point .
1	great wifi .
0	they way we were greeted was unacceptable .
1	sooooo yummy !
0	the bathroom amenities were kinda cool .
1	good , reliable delivery .
0	stayed october _num_
0	this place has the worst customer service ever .
1	great food .
0	the pizza was cold .
1	great beer !
1	his assistant , <unk> , was delightful too .
0	no taste and the pieces were way too big and full of stringy gristle .
1	bread is baked fresh every day and really soft .
1	i loved the sesame chicken and pot stickers .
0	i use to cry myself to sleep every night .
1	it 's tasty and spicy , just how i like it .
0	this place deserves no stars .
0	wow - yesterday 's meal was quite a disappointment to say the least .
1	staff was super friendly and helpful .
1	my husband and i love this place .
1	attitude reflects leadership and they have done it right .
1	pizza bianco is always packed and voted best pizza in phoenix !
1	the pretzels are a must have every time i go .
0	it was so bland and no flavor what so ever .
0	whatever awesome sauce this place had previously has been replaced by epic failure .
1	paul and rex are ethical , professional , and their staff does great work .
0	just plain rolls that were just okay .
1	my piercer was ana , who i totally love !
0	hopefully i get a better experience next time .
1	the best part was the delightfully affordable tab at the end !
0	since mercedes stopped working here , the service has gone down hill .
0	lines here are so long .
0	i went to this cleaners for alteration to a gown .
0	( no , we 're not lazy , i swear .
1	solid slices .
0	i will never try it again .
1	i highly recommend if you are seeking good southern cooking .
1	& i have sampled most of it !
1	i always come here on monday nights for the wing special .
1	the food was excellent and the experience was fantastic .
1	his staff are professional and warm .
0	the ladies restroom was worse than a truck stop restroom .
0	i went here hoping to find something affordable as i was low on money .
1	went there friday night , and absolutely amazing place .
0	n took _num_ min to get a beer .
1	the staff is very friendly and helpfull .
1	it was amazing !
1	best thing i 've had on the menu !
1	the food was good .
1	everything was fantastic ... people are still asking us where the food came from !
0	unbelievable !
1	thank you oregano 's .
0	this review is not based off of an isolated visit either .
0	the massage chairs inside are awesome !
0	you 're a crappy burger joint near a walmart .
0	do not fill your meds here .
0	i would rather shoot pool at river city pockets .
0	getting this aggressive and rude is horrible business .
0	this place needs better management .
1	the hostess was very nice and accommodating with my daughters wheelchair .
0	we were told it would be awhile because there were no tables .
0	it was not a pleasant experience .
1	awesome eating experience !
1	in any case , great food & great selection of microbrews !
1	he is one of the best doctors in the valley .
0	the meat itself smelled horrible .
1	here was no exception and it was really good , convenient , and reasonable .
1	best open late spot in bloomfield .
1	got ta love that .
1	this is as good as it gets .
1	staff is very knowledgeable and pleasant .
1	it was packed .
1	this is one of the very best in the chain .
1	she was so sweet and very helpful with my purchase .
0	had an emergency & would not give me time of day .
0	she was able to get me in the very next morning _num_ am sharp .
1	he keeps the restaurant quite clean .
1	its fun little spot , always busy .
0	the pizza was thin crust , square cut , and cold .
1	fantastic service and absolutely amazing food .
1	the apartment is very spacious and quiet .
1	she 's the best thing that happen to me .
0	the food was ok nothing special .
1	so friendly and helpful .
1	the best mexican food miles around !
1	best waiter so far .
0	their counting skills are horrible .
1	this place is amazing .
1	the food is good , the waitresses are pretty , its a fun atmosphere .
1	what a great little find .
1	and boy this was a good find .
1	the best beef tenderloin in the madison area .
1	the food here is excellent .
1	food , staff , and atmosphere were great .
0	then she offered to have maintenance come up and `` spray '' the room .
0	after calling another store , found out that i was overcharged for the lenses .
0	terrible customer service .
0	woke up early on my day off to make an 8am appointment .
1	came across this place while on our way to panda express .
1	i really trust these guys .
0	there was hardly any pesto .
0	finally , she brings out the invoice .
1	it 's really the gravy that sets this breakfast delight apart from the rest .
1	i highly recommend you checking them out !
1	great service very friendly people .
1	but a great choice for a visitor like myself !
0	the food was mediocre at best .
0	maybe i just came at the wrong time ?
1	thank you , thank you from the root salon !
1	i love this place .
1	really will put together place .
1	my wife and friends love this place .
1	really good greasy spoon breakfast on the weekends .
1	the sides were also amazing .
0	shame i ca n't give this place a lower review .
1	the owner gina is always smiling and makes you feel at home .
1	the staff is friendly and super helpful !
0	the boyfriend sat down at the bar immediately and i ran to the facilities .
0	this one i on the worst list .
0	my friend said the damage has been done .
1	best pizza crust in vegas !
1	the pizza is very good !
1	always wonderful food , always a friendly , warm , fast staff !
0	i got _num_ made , _num_ did n't work ( sound familiar ) .
1	so lucky to have found this great salon close to our home .
0	i would not recommend spending your hard earned dollars here .
1	it was definitely one of the nicest vietnamese restaurants with modern clean ambience .
0	we all should know by now that the palace station is not a palace !
0	ate here many times as a kid .
1	coffee , as always , is very good at barriques .
1	beautiful ambiance ... just adorable .
1	best tacos and tamales in town , also , the best price .
1	the place is intimate .
1	this place is perfect for a celebration dinner with some special people .
1	not often i have a fast food experience this enjoyable .
1	would recommend them to anyone !
1	it 's definitely worth the drive !
0	not at this hertz .
0	wish i had followed my first mind and went to ihop 's .
0	as for the quality , i was n't really happy with it .
1	never disappoints !
1	this place is awesome .
0	i was rushed to the pedicure chair .
0	bring your own towel , they do n't provide you with anything .
0	save yourself the money and the time and take drivers education online .
0	bathroom was disgusting .
1	other than that the service and food are great !
0	terrible experience .
1	salsa was not great and has a tomato paste texture .
0	chips tasted stale .
1	great local restaurant that is also family friendly during the week .
1	happy to find this place for my son !
1	great location and ambiance .
0	but mainly the meat was way too dry .
0	most companies charge less than $ _num_ for a diagnostic .
1	for a chain ajo al 's is pretty decent .
0	the three of us finished it quickly and were still hungry .
1	extremely nice staff .
1	this place has one of the best breakfast burritos in the entire valley .
1	this location is always great .
0	_num_ stars from me .
0	my fries were way too cool ( almost cold ) and lacked salt .
1	now to the food , blue moon on tap , yay !
1	very reasonable and very fast .
1	loved this place !
1	good pizza if you like new york style .
0	do you get the idea it was bad ?
1	i highly recommend this local 's favorite !
1	definitely will be back .
1	our servers name was liz , she was so professional and very sweet .
0	all together , they made the experience go from bad to not so bad .
0	the bathroom was a horrible mess and immediately i noticed there was no soap .
1	i love most of the clothes .
1	the service was great too !
0	oh my gosh , do not go here !
0	i do n't know how they pass their health inspection .
1	the food is actually quite good .
0	i 'm totally upset if my writing is not you can understand ... lol !
0	i would n't go out of my way .
1	amazing dinner amazing service .
1	food has always been pretty tasty .
0	butter fish was awful .
1	amazing.
0	so he came back with me - his 2nd time this week .
1	the menu is imaginative and fresh !
0	seriously , go to frys and buy your own .
0	they only cost _num_ in paris and _num_ in the rest of the country .
1	the food is top notch .
1	egg rolls & spring rolls are both very good .
1	best hour workout i 've ever experienced and i 've tried everything !
1	i just love this place .
1	best mexican food in town !
1	tempe 's finest ( long wong 's on mill owners ) in chandler .
1	everything is great here .
0	roach infested , management does n't care .
1	great great guy .
1	took the family and enjoyed the experience .
1	the staff is always pleasant .
1	almond chip is also a great choice .
1	go , eat , love , regret and do it all over again .
0	we had the bleu cheese chips , which were excellent .
1	great service .
0	we were very disappointed .
1	great service and very fair pricing .
1	he was very friendly and accommodated my needs .
1	awesome food .
1	the portions are generous and the price is reasonable .
0	while it was quick , it was n't all that friendly .
1	i crave it from time to time .
1	best burgers in town !
0	disappointing place .
1	they are by far the best i 've ever had .
1	so amazing .
1	the service was very good and timely .
1	been coming here more often with some friends since this is their favorite place .
0	their food 's just not that good for the price .
0	after three more days with no word , i called again .
1	breakfast is great .
0	come to find out they wo n't cover it either .
1	just my favorite place for getting meat !
1	i enjoy going here to explore .
1	the staff are always friendly , helpful and funny .
1	quite beautiful , challenging , fair and really well maintained .
0	she said , sorry you 're next .
0	she was too busy talking and joking around with the waitstaff .
0	the store manager was the real problem .
0	i have to say i 'm very disappointed with their customer service .
1	good food , good service and beautiful atmosphere .
1	i will continue to stay here when traveling into the phoenix area .
1	the staff was kind , friendly and approachable .
1	always the same great taste and comes out hot .
0	they create problems with your car and never find the real issue .
1	go for the fresh squeezed orange juice .
0	they 're already wearing rubber gloves .
0	the ugly : absolutely not child friendly .
1	friendly staff and very attentive .
0	maybe they were waiting for a take-out order to pass it off .
1	i 'll definitely be back .
1	definitely as good as they say !
0	the service sucks and there food is not good .
0	the tso chicken was extremely breaded .
1	nice relaxing massage and good exam before adjustment .
1	i disagree , but it 's definitely up there with some of the best .
1	the food was incredible !
0	zero stars .
1	russ and his team really are the best .
1	i enjoy the beer .
0	i will not be going to this kfc ever again .
1	friendly and informative .
0	one of my worst experience ever my eating pupusas .
0	not a great experience - and ca n't say i 'll ever be back .
0	no refills offered on chips or drinks .
0	the decor is not cheesy .
1	good to know if you do n't eat pork ( like me ) .
1	love it !
1	i 've been using this butcher since i moved here two years ago !
1	the coffee is great and the refills ate free !
0	what a shame !
1	they really are the best around !
1	it gets better ... .
0	chicken noodle soup had zero chicken in it .
1	authentic style mexican food , popular items .
1	totally recommend .
0	i think i 'll stick to lee 's sandwich next door .
0	no class .
1	by far the best jewelry store i have been to .
1	i had the goat cheese chicken sandwich and it was excellent !
1	one of my absolute favorites .
0	text book failure .
0	after more waiting , a group of _num_ entered the eating area .
1	both were excellent .
0	strongly not recommended .
0	they book everyone every _num_ mins .
0	close at _num_ if employees want to go home that bad !
1	i also liked the exhibit of watches as well as the butterfly displays .
1	and the food is great !
1	love this place .
1	the servers were very fast and very good also .
0	very misleading and disappointing .
1	first time coming here and we loved it !
1	love the food and gluten free options they have available .
1	all delicious .
1	i also recommend their chili relleno .
1	the classes are smaller but not too small and the location is great .
1	she is honestly so amazing !
1	the view was fantastic on the second floor .
0	but today was exceptionally bad .
1	they were fantastic !
0	i ordered a bean and cheese burrito for $ _num_ .
1	this is my second time at <unk> and i really enjoy this place !
0	again , nothing really to rave about .
0	visit from hell .
1	our server was extremely nice and helped us have a great experience !
1	highly recommended .
1	service is fairly decent .
1	they also have a gift shop and a coke machine .
1	the service here is incredible .
1	madison sourdough is our new favorite weekend breakfast/brunch spot .
1	good guys , and honest from what i can tell .
0	bad attitude , terrible food , what is there to like ?
0	but kayla , our cashier ?
1	this is a classic chinese cuisine with authentic food close to town .
0	both toilets full of crap .
1	definitely will be back .
0	the sandwich itself , was not what was represented on the menu .
1	satisfied with food quality and service !
1	one of my favorites places for sushi !
0	i only gave this place one star only because i had to .
0	do not go here if you want nice looking nails .
1	eating here for years and always enjoy the food .
1	my girlfriend had the mahi tacos and those were delicious !
0	a simple bottle of beer was $ _num_ .
1	i could tell they took very good care of her here .
0	she said it was ok , i tried it and it was very bland .
1	sheer deliciousness !
1	fresh bread .
1	friendly staff .
1	good .
1	this is why i love the duck .
0	absolutely ridiculous must have over booked themselves .
1	open bar , friendly staff ... was fabulous experience !
0	do n't bother going to this hooters for the food .
0	i 've gone to various locations - phoenix , tempe , shea blvd .
0	it 's terrible and expensive to boot .
0	second time i pull up , drive thru box is still broken !
1	but it is totally worth coming to now .
1	happy hour til _num_ pm .
1	i went here last a year and a half ago and enjoyed the food .
0	sorry chicago hamburger co i really really wanted to like you .
0	ok , it took over two hours for the driver to deliver our food .
1	love this place !
0	hey you never know until you try it right ?
0	i 'm taking my business elsewhere .
1	and if you love crust like i do , this is your place !
0	it 's too bad i really liked this place .
0	i can not believe it .
1	thank you !
0	unfortunately , the quality service has changed .
1	the wings are good .
1	the owners makes it all special .
1	the foods here are pretty decent .
1	first off l , their edamame is the best i 've tasted .
1	they are always on point and friendly .
0	slight central european accent .
1	cute place , great iced tea , i 'm a fan .
0	the vendor did n't stock your shelves , fool !
0	my chicken dish was not very warm on the inside .
1	the flavors were rich , interesting and delicious .
1	the best meal on the menu is the tuna salad with fries .
1	very satisfying .
1	will come back here the next time i 'm in shadyside !
1	great greasy pub food and awesome service makes for a good time .
0	the burger i got look nasty .
0	this is n't just for premium parking , but its for general too .
0	i think the restaurant impossible should visit this place and fire the chef .
1	still a fun spot to meet for brunch or lunch with friends .
1	amazing dinner experience !
1	this restaurant is a master of understatement .
1	great atmosphere , perfect for a date night .
0	no refills on ice tea .
1	i am enjoying phoenix cc !
1	great atmosphere .
1	the salsa is fresh , the chips are warm , and the service excellent .
1	<unk> was truly one of the nicest people you 'll ever meet !
1	huge donuts .
1	the food here is always good , but the customer service is fabulous !
1	i always know what i order will be cooked perfectly and taste delicious .
0	oh , and it was a handicap room .
0	more than that , i felt very uncomfortable with the condition of the salon .
1	tamara is amazing !
1	he deserves and earned a good recommendation !
1	great prices !
1	she ordered a cheeseburger , i got the portobello mushroom sandwich .
0	finally , someone comes and tells us that their wait list has disappeared .
1	their facilities are modern and comfortable .
0	after half a taco , i could n't do it .
1	it 's a wonderful place .
1	lovely staff .
1	highly recommend .
1	food is above par for bar food .
1	service was fun and friendly !
1	they consistently do a fantastic job and are wonderful with the dogs .
0	so disappointed in the whole experience .
0	they were thick , paint from nail to nail was very uneven just horrible .
1	little pricey but great historic landmark .
1	friendly and beautiful hair .
1	great products and an amazing return policy !
0	this is a place i would never go back to .
0	sandwiches were alright , but not worth the price .
1	park central is a great traditional deli with a large varied menu .
0	the cheese in the mac was a bit thin .
1	i love this place !
0	i was forced to give it _num_ star or you can not post .
0	i got an exterior wash on my way out of town .
1	she is so personable and the service is impeccable .
1	tour guides are lots of fun !
0	rip off .
1	pat and carl are very friendly and helpful .
1	they are true `` cat people '' !
1	i will certainly be taking all my cars there from now on .
0	the room looked run down and cheap .
1	staff was awesome and the food was delicious !
0	i was only here for _num_ minutes and now they have lost my registration .
0	overall , i feel like i really wasted my money here .
1	they offer most services , and their prices are very reasonable .
0	horrible !
0	so no food and drink provided or hostess as promised .
1	their servers are always friendly and efficient .
0	_num_ was enough waiting .
0	no marinara sauce !
1	totally on top i ever table and super , super nice & friendly .
1	close to asu and seems to be popular with the students .
0	we decided to try the place again thinking it was a bad night .
1	i highly recommend this salon and patty in particular .
0	i 'm not sure what the final straw was .
0	these dr 's and nurses are not properly trained .
1	i 'm definitely a fan and will return .
1	loved my experience here .
0	$ _num_ coupon for a feast .
1	the food i 've had at the weddings has been amazing .
1	the staff are awesome and i love the classes .
1	my absolute favorite thing is the great gobbler sandwich .
0	really thin though and the batter they use is n't very special at all .
1	definitely worth a try .
1	tonight it was busy , but service was excellent .
0	the place was a typical sports bar , dimly lit .
1	the salon is cute , friendly and very well priced !
1	great deals and high quality stuff .
1	dining outside on the deck is a must .
0	i 've called corporate numerous times , no answer no response .
0	but quite obnoxious if you are not into that type of thing .
1	day or night , this place is one of the top restaurants in phoenix .
1	prices are also very reasonable .
0	service is incredibly painfully slow too .
1	the other food is pretty good depending on what you get .
1	lots of good choices !
0	to top it off , service was poor .
1	great selection , good prices and good old fashioned service .
1	the inside is completely renovated , and it 's always packed .
1	you will love it .
0	stayed in line _num_ minutes from the time i ordered .
0	spent the better part of an hour looking , to no avail .
1	i also love the beer selection .
0	my bus is over four hours late and i 'm so livid right now .
1	best sushi in vegas .
1	love extreme pita !
1	and if there 's ever a mistake , they will happily fix it .
1	food was wonderful .
1	love love love old pueblo !
1	well worth what you pay .
0	those machines need to be attended to and cleaned properly by staff .
1	we just celebrated our 30th anniversary .
1	had amazing food here .
1	i have been here twice and both times the service has been great .
0	avoid this place .
0	the awful customer service will keep me away .
0	it 's noisy because of the construction work being done .
1	thanks halo !
0	smoothie making is not that difficult !
1	your taste buds will thank you .
0	no waitress no one else walking around .
1	everything was delicious and the service was good .
1	this is a nice place to go for generous portions .
1	they have their own parking lot so its easy access .
1	i have always really liked famous dave 's .
0	_num_ stars .
0	worst location ever !
1	boarded my dog there and the staff was nothing but extra nice and caring .
0	what horrible customer service .
1	food is amazing .
1	yum yumm yummy !
1	everyone was so friendly and helpful .
0	i do n't understand what is so hard about not putting tomatoes .
0	i 'm sorry but that 's just not acceptable .
1	it has good prices and good food .
0	i am not convinced .
1	delicious breakfast !
1	the burgers and sandwiches are all really good and the service is fantastic .
1	would definitely recommend !
1	i loved this spot !
0	- i did n't have to cook .
1	they have two lines so service is always quick even during the lunch hour .
1	so nice to see vegan milkshakes !
1	good food , good people , definitely a great neighborhood place .
1	score !
1	the staff are really friendly and pretty helpful .
1	visited lo lo 's for lunch last week and absolutely loved it .
0	rude customer service in beer section .
0	the food was horrible i feel like i was robbed .
1	they make their own desserts and the food , so good .
1	great find !
0	staff was fine , but the food is not up to par .
1	she does an amazing job on my brows every time i see her !
0	i 'm surprised it did not break !
1	food was hot & delicious .
1	i am very pleased with his service as well as his office 's service .
1	it was even better than i had hoped .
0	the manager was not helpful , just said `` sucks to be you '' .
0	i did n't even know i liked salsa on eggs .
0	the place is gross !
1	this restaurant is the best kept secret in all of phoenix .
0	how do they mess up the most basic foods of a chinese restaurant ?
0	very disappointed at this point .
1	everything i 've tried here has been amazing .
1	the staff was very knowledgeable , friendly and prompt .
1	good food .
0	wo n't go back .
1	cracker barrel has some great food at reasonable prices .
1	waiters were very attentive and funny .
1	love live music !
1	good place for dinner .
1	always order them extra crispy , finger licking good !
1	i have never felt so good as when i leave here !
1	the coffee is superb .
1	their sauces are rich and creamy .
1	service is friendly .
1	beautiful and comfortable place to watch some angels baseball .
1	we won second place and we met a very fun couple .
1	the workers are very friendly .
1	absolutely solid from start to finish .
0	not this time .
1	i love sub one hoagie house !
1	highly recommended .
1	most excellent !
1	i highly recommend it .
1	i love the thicker cut and the new butter buns .
1	this place is fantastic .
1	this is one of our favorite places to order pizza .
0	the cashier apparently told her it was ok .
1	i love this place , all the people are great !
1	and a terrific staff there that works with you !
1	good food for the price .
0	not worth the hassle .
0	, but a couple places in charlotte made me like it again .
1	the rice is very good and hummus is too .
1	i will be coming back here to eat again .
1	i love being able to try different styles of wine .
1	lots of children .
1	very good place to be !
1	the food was good and the staff attentive .
1	i needed a new suit recently , and had an outstanding experience here .
1	great <unk> pastrami and cole slaw .
0	the food is absolutely bland , tasteless and poorly prepared .
0	i 'm certain they notice , they just do n't care .
1	i 've recommended hays to many friends and family without hesitation .
1	i love their carnitas , simply delicious .
1	we added that with french fries and she was set .
0	bland burgers , bland hot dogs , and expensive as all get up .
1	really enjoyed the building itself as well .
0	after not hearing back from them , i sent an email requesting an estimate .
1	my favorite brunch spot .
0	no cheese !
1	staff was very friendly and informative .
1	amazing chips and salsa and the service is always wonderful .
1	everyone is professional , knowledgeable , and caring .
0	hell , i 'm the one paying for the visit !
1	excellent new york style pizza .
1	wonderful dinner with good company .
0	i was completely appalled by the lack of basic manners .
1	it was good food and it would make me return .
1	the staffs are very knowledgeable and helpful .
0	i mean , the pizza is edible , but not worth the calories .
1	it 's that good .
1	we will definitely be getting our nails done here from now on !
1	the food is fantastic .
0	prices have been increased and portions reduced .
0	in fact i did n't see one of them stand around .
1	more furniture is the best furniture store in the valley .
1	so good it gets crowded ... .
0	was i expecting too much ?
0	it also came with a small bowl of soup , which was flavorless .
1	the place has a great vibe as well !
0	wan na bet that 's the first thing they look at ?
0	but that is not a reason for employees to be rude to the customers .
1	i made a reservation here for a graduation dinner with my parents .
1	this place was great .
1	we found dealer 's choice on yelp with positive reviews .
0	but that is why we have the internet .
0	i frequently get my vehicles washed and/or detailed .
1	our waitress was sweet and very attentive to our table .
1	good pizza and hoagies .
1	flavors of india serves up a decent lunch buffet .
0	after driving the vehicle was obvious that the alignment was n't done as indicated .
1	they have the best enchiladas of anywhere i have tried .
1	the bowls are spicy and are a super value .
1	great experience for the money !
0	do n't waste your time or money here unless lindsay is at the bar .
0	also , i only really watch _num_ channels and not _num_ they 're offering !
1	love love love this office , and honestly ca n't say enough !
1	i enjoy the movies shown at park terrace .
1	saying we come here a lot is an understatement !
1	so many reasons to love this little independent wonder .
1	had a very pleasant experience !
1	it was the perfect recovery meal for our vegas trip !
1	fast , affordable , and quality work .
1	they really seemed to enjoy their job .
1	i also got the hashbrowns as my potato , and they were great .
1	she gave me such a wonderful and stylish cut and color .
0	no flavor , no heat , and no veggies .
0	once we ordered i just assumed that everything would remedy itself .
1	i love the decor and overall feel of the business .
0	our waiter did not check on us once .
1	i had a great experience here .
0	unfortunately , it was downhill from there .
0	for $ _num_ i expected a bit more grande than what i got .
0	unacceptable service !
1	the strip mall has some funny shops but it is safe .
1	great place for lunch .
0	why go here when there are much better restaurants around .
1	great spot - yes , a chain , but good food and quick !
1	great food !
0	but beyond that issue , the hem was done terribly .
1	i love this place .
1	i very much enjoyed my first visit here .
1	regardless , this nordstrom is actually quite nice .
1	she was thrilled and i was truly impressed .
0	but it will not be for a very long time .
1	i can only imagine what the meat tasted like but everyone loved it .
1	unique and fun .
0	i understood the towing was necessary so i did n't fight it .
0	then i 'm talking to someone new .
1	best subs in town ... worst parking in phoenix !
0	i do n't even know why this was a problem .
1	new attendant marcus was friendly and helpful .
0	i know eating out takes time but three hours is far too long .
1	and when i do , i 'm always pleasantly surprised .
0	i like my big fat greek restaurant 's more .
1	first time , place is good , service is friendly , restaurant is clean .
1	delicious sandwich and hot home made soup ... .
0	me and my co-worker called on the phone twice .
0	wo n't go there again , no matter how good the staff is .
1	charlotte is a pretty nice airport .
1	great place for food !
0	very disappointed .
1	good going streets of new york .
0	on my visit i opted for the basics .
1	awesome service !
1	great spot !
0	looks and taste both scored a _num_ out of _num_ .
0	so we stayed ... ugh .
1	good good good , nothing great .
1	it was decorated just as we wanted it to be !
0	ruined our panthers football game !
1	great airport .
0	otherwise , avoid !
0	$ _num_ just got me a sub ... no chips no drink !
1	the practice is quaint and cozy .
0	it indeed was sears to my surprise !
0	not in this case .
0	signage : poor to non existent .
1	good , solid food .
1	the library sure has changed over the years !
1	just watch your timing !
1	i had a great stay overall .
0	this is one of the worst animal hospital i been to .
0	$ _num_ for corn on the cob ?
1	fantastic view and awesome seafood !
0	also water tasted bad .
0	( but , i am struggling to think of worse ice cream . )
1	i love the food and the service !
1	we liked it so much that we wan na make it a weekly treat .
1	the scene is nice here and the sushi is good .
0	they cheated me almost _num_ thousand dollar which is very huge amount for me .
1	thank you so much shelly for an amazing dining experience !
1	exceptional service !
0	two of the men working treated me like i was a complete idiot .
1	will definitely be back a gem in az !
0	1st time i ordered they brought me the wrong kind of pizza .
0	the hostess here is terrible .
1	marvelous , splendid ?
1	the food was amazing .
1	thank you for a great experience with food and service !
1	the service has always been really good .
1	kudos to nails _num_ !
1	always enjoyed this chipotle location .
0	but instead i bought a cookie and left .
1	we love the young lady that takes your order for call in delivery .
1	i have found a new dentist and it 's close to where i live !
0	it 's for sitting on and watching tv .
0	everyone 's food came out yet not my plate .
0	arrived promptly at 7:30 and the place was very busy , which i expected .
0	then we left this dump and went to vegas .
0	sounded good , but it just tasted like balsamic grease .
1	thanks again for a great experience !
0	vegetarians fyi , there is seafood stock in the yc 's own sauce .
1	they are a wonderful asset to the community and have delicious food to boot !
1	they do a great job every time .
1	you should check it out .
1	the coffee is stellar !
1	the wait staff is always friendly and amazingly efficient .
0	if negative stars were available , this place would get them !
1	they are only salon in area that carries so many good designers .
0	garbage company .
1	service was superb too - <unk> behind the counter had impeccable customer service skills .
1	rides , games , food and animals you can feed and pet !
1	love !
1	i highly recommend terri !
1	certainly would recommend this hospital .
1	best sushi in this price range by far .
